q: Did you hear about the Native American man that drank 200 cups of tea?
a: He nearly drown in his own tea pee.

q: What's the best anti diarrheal prescription?
a: Mycheexarphlexin

q: What do you call a person who is outside a door and has no arms nor legs?
a: Matt

q: Which Star Trek character is a member of the magic circle?
a: Jean-Luc Pickacard

q: What's the difference between a bullet and a human?
a: A bullet doesn't miss Harambe

q: Why was the Ethiopian baby crying?
a: He was having a mid-life crisis

q: What's the difference between a corn husker with epilepsy and a hooker with dysentery?
a: One shucks between fits...

q: Who is 2016's biggest sellout?
a: Kevin Durant or Bernie Sanders?

q: Why is little Annie's shoe floating in the sea?
a: Because the shark burped. 

q: What's the difference between a married man and a bachelor?
a: A bachelor will go to the fridge, sees nothing he wants, and go to bed A married man will go the bed, sees nothing he wants, and go the fridge!

q: Why are there so many blood cells in female prisons?
a: Because the sentences usually end with periods.

q: What do you call a russian tree?
a: Dimitree

q: How do you call it when an egg is on point?
a: Egg zactly!

q: Where'd the dog who lost his tail go to get a new one?
a: A retail store.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: One shucks between fits

q: Did you hear about the oyster who went to the ball?
a: He pulled a muscle 

q: Why are frogs so happy?
a: They eat whatever bugs them.

q: How do you turn an Indian woman on?
a: Press the red button. 

q: Shall I tell you the joke about the kidnappers?
a: I'd better not. You might get carried away.

q: Do you like fish sticks?
a: Well then, you're a gay fish. 

q: What did the 2 rednecks say after breaking up?
a: Let's just be cousins. 

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew?
a: The Pizza doesn't scream when I put it in the oven.

q: Why does Santa have three gardens?
a: Q: Why does Santa have three gardens? A: So he can "hoe, hoe, hoe."

q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue?
a: Because he drank his coffee before it was cool.

q: Why did Mozart kill his chickens?
a: They were yelling "Bach Bach Bach Bach"

q: What is a pirate's worst nightmare?
a: A sunken chest with no booty.

q: Why can't you e-mail a photo to a Jedi?
a: Because attachments are forbidden.

q: What will happen if you went inside a black hole?
a: I don't know either. It must be out-of-this-world.

q: Which came first, the Chicken or the Egg?
a: The Rooster

q: What's common between a good boyfriend and a lion?
a: They're both ready to eat you

q: Who put semen in the basement?
a: I don't know. That's just the way it's spelled.

q: What do you do when your wife starts smoking?
a: Slow down and apply lube

q: Want to hear a joke about UDP?
a: Never mind. you won't get it, and I won't care

q: [OC] Person 1: What do your parents do?
a: Person 2:They're doctors, what do your parents do? 1: They beat me with pool sticks. 2: Oh, they must be really good at billiards. 

q: What species are the best rappers?
a: Dragons, because they're always spittin' fire.

q: What does Santa say to the elves after they make the toys?
a: Leave my presents

q: What is statistically three times worse than a war?
a: Three wars

q: What do you call a row of three hares hopping backward?
a: A receding  line.

q: I've got a dead budgie for sale, anyone interested?
a: It isn't going cheep.

q: What is the politically correct name for "African Americans with Down Syndrome" group?
a: Black Lives Matter Edit1: No Im not targeting black people, or people with actual Down syndrome, just that group

q: Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field

q: How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 5 1 to hold the bulb and 4 to spin the ladder.

q: What is a NYC nanosecond?
a: If you are stuck at a red light, its the time that it takes for the occupant of the car behind you to honk his horn when the light turns green.

q: Where do Tumblr users go to pray?
a: The Cis-Teen Chapel

q: Q: What did the left leg say to the right leg?
a: A: That one in the middle thinks he's hard.

q: What's below your sha-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na knees?
a: Your Guns N' Toeses I'll see myself out.

q: How do Humans Reproduce?
a: A: Sexually B: Sexually C: Sexually

q: How does a Nun save herself from being poisoned?
a: Nun chucks. 

q: Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes?
a: He uses the finest ingredients.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and an orange?
a: The Orange has thick skin and people actually like it.

q: Why did the man apply for the job at the Model T factory?
a: He heard it was a great line of work.

q: How is life as a virgin?
a: Its hard

q: Why can't Caitlyn Jenner lie to her kids?
a: She's a transparent. 

q: What does a dog do when it loses it's tail?
a: Goes to a retail store to find another one.

q: Why don't Mexicans take drivers Ed and sex Ed on the same day?
a: They have to give the donkey a break. 

q: Is this InkJet any good?
a: Sure, we've sold it to royalty Princesses? Mate, it prints ALL the letters!

q: Why was the Router released early from prison?
a: It had connections.

q: Whats the name of a bodybuilder whose a fan of the X-Men?
a: Huge Jackman

q: What did the man say to his wife when he failed to get an erection?
a: No hard feelings.

q: Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines everywhere.

q: Guess how many girlfriends I have right now?
a: Well, it's hard to even count, I will just give you a range of about how many. The range is <1.

q: What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
a: Christopher Walken

q: What does a pencil have in common with marijuana?
a: If it doesn't make you look smart, it's blunt.

q: Why is it hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
a: They always take things literally.

q: What is the difference between cancer and a Brazilian?
a: Cancer evolves, a Brazilian doesn't.

q: What's the difference between OP and eggs?
a: Eggs actually get laid. 

q: What do you get when you mix an insurance company with an NFL quarterback?
a: An Aflacco

q: Do you know why the Amish girl was excommunicated?
a: Too Mennonite 

q: What's the difference between someone unemployed and a gender-expert?
a: Nothing

q: What's better than Norwegian Beef Stew?
a: No Beef Stew at all

q: What do pirates say when they find buried treasure?
a: Thanks for the gold!

q: What do my dad and Carly Rae Jepsen have in common?
a: They both said they were just going to the store

q: What did the American WWI vet say to the angry German veteran?
a: Can't we just let Argonne's be Argonne's?

q: How many cops does it take to change a light bulb?
a: They don't.  They just beat the room for being black.

q: What does a near-sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
a: A wet nose

q: What do you call two bananas?
a: Slippers

q: why do nice girls always go for the assholes?
a: I don't even like pegging.

q: What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor?
a: Where's my tractor?

q: Whats the difference between a joke and two dicks?
a: Redditors cant take a joke.

q: What's the worst part about eating vegetables?
a: Finding a place to put the wheelchairs.

q: What should you do when people talk behind your back?
a: Fart

q: What's Desiigner's favorite car?
a: Kia Kia Kia

q: What's cheaper, Beer Nuts or Deer Nuts?
a: Deer Nuts. Beer Nuts are $1.49, while Deer nuts are under a Buck!

q: If the bird of peace if the dove, what's the bird of love?
a: The swallow. 

q: What's the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
a: A Hippo is heavy and a Zippo is a little lighter.

q: What do they say in every infomercial in Kuwait?
a: But Kuwait, there's more!

q: What do you call a man with no shin ?
a: Tony

q: Why did Fonzie stop sleeping around?
a: He got AIIIIIDS.

q: How to you embarrasses an archaeologist?
a: Give him a tampon and ask what period its from. 

q: Why'd the vulture check his bag?
a: The airline didn't allow carrion luggage.

q: Why don't drug addicts hang out at the beach?
a: They don't like getting sand in their crack.

q: Is anyone seeing Rouge 1 this week?
a: I hear it's the prequel to Maroon 5.

q: What's the difference between a high and drunk driver?
a: The drunk driver goes through the stop sign, while the high driver waits for it to turn green.

q: Wife:Isn't hot in here hun?
a: Troll husband : It kinda is, ill adjust the AC.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Dave. Dave who?
a: Dave promptly burst into tears as not everyone in the world knew Dave.

q: What did Mohammad eat while in the Holy Land?
a: Makkah-roni and cheese!

q: Boy to Girl- Hi Sweetheart, How is your day going?
a: G- Pretty well, Do you want me to walk you back? B- walk me back? G- to the friendzone you just tried to escape.

q: What were the last things going through the minds of the 9/11 jumpers?
a: Their ankles

q: Why do black people like Korean food?
a: Because it has a little Seoul in it.

q: What do you call an overweight bounty hunter?
a: Boba Fat

q: What did the beaver say when he fell in water?
a: Damn it.

q: Why was Mexico willing to pay to build the wall between the US and Mexico?
a: So the can finally have a good Olympic team.

q: How do you make a dead baby float?
a: Easy! Just add Root beer and Ice Cream!

q: Why did the Muslim man have to build a house for his wives before he could eat KFC?
a: No harem, no fowl.

q: How did a bit travel from the CPU to the HDD?
a: It took the bus.

q: Did you hear about the streaker in church?
a: He got caught by the organ

q: What is it called when the police work overtime?
a: Copper Nitrate.

q: Why do Jewish men get circumcised ?
a: Cause Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off.

q: Why do riot police get to work early?
a: To beat the crowd

q: What does a whistle-blower do during a Russian blizzard?
a: Nothing, he's Snowden. 

q: Why buttock implants are popular in Australia?
a: Because boob jobs are cheaper down under.

q: What would be the first thing D. J. Trump would write in the Death Note (if it would exist)??
a: "YUUUUUGEE"

q: What did the horse say to the other horse?
a: Hay,I thought you knew horses couldn't speak!

q: What does a suicide bomber say when he's teaching class?
a: Pay attention! I'm only going to show this once.

q: Why did the chicken give the cat his mashed potatoes?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What did one ass cheek say to the other?
a: We gotta hold this shit together. 

q: How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: The answer may shock you.

q: Did you hear about the UK banning hummus?
a: It's because it has chickpea in it.

q: What do you call a female android?
a: Synthia Lmao

q: Police Officer: "Can you identify yourself, Sir"?
a: Driver pulls out his mirror and says: "Yes, it's me".

q: What's 11 & 2?
a: The Cowboys

q: What car does a Mexican drive?
a: A Quebrolet.

q: What do you call a brothel riddled with rabies?
a: A frothel

q: How can you tell if you have a mature or an immature sense of humor?
a: poop.

q: What do you call it when Usain Bolt is standing next to your mom?
a: A runner in scoring position.

q: What happens when a pirate turns 60?
a: He joins AARP

q: how many black live matters protester does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: no one knows it was too dark to see them.

q: Did you hear about that Native American who drank ten cups of tea one night?
a: They found him dead the next day in his teepee 

q: What do you call a bear with no teeth?
a: Bare Grylls

q: What do A Tribe Called Quest and margarine have in common?
a: It's like butter, baby.

q: Why did the chicken cross the road?
a: To get to your house... Knock, knock. Who's there? The chicken.

q: What did the painter say after finishing a portrait of his brother Andrew?
a: I drew drew

q: What do you call a snowman who cons people?
a: A snowfake I thought it was appropriate for this time of year. Merry Christmas reddit! You have my permission to tell this at any Xmas parties you attend

q: What do you call a snail on a sail boat?
a: A snailor

q: What did Tom hanks do in the woods?
a: He took a forrest dump.

q: What do you call a herpes pun?
a: a play on warts

q: How many eye doctors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, or two? One, or two? 

q: Genie: what's your first wish?
a: Mick: I wish I were Incredibly wealthy!   Genie: You were incredibly wealthy. Mick: No you imbecile, I wish I WAS RICH   Genie: You are Rich Rich: Well that backfired but... Genie: ...but a deal is a deal and you promised to use your third wish to set me fre.. Rich: I WISH GENIE WAS HUMAN!

q: What's yellow and black and makes you laugh?
a: A school bus full of black people driving off a cliff

q: What do you call a girl on the grill?
a: Patty

q: What do successful prostitutes have?
a: Business acumen

q: What music do they play in a mexican bathroom?
a: Earth wind and fire

q: What's a computer's favorite beat?
a: An algo-rhythm 

q: What did the Special Needs Rowing Team decide to call themselves?
a: Oartism

q: Want to hear a word I just made up?
a: Plagiarism

q: WIFE: The car wont start. Can you pick me up at the drive through McDonald's in town?
a: ME: There isnt a drive through in town  WIFE: There is now

q: What's green and flies over Poland?
a: Snotzis.

q: How many communists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One guy to screw in the light bulb, and the other guy to shoot him if he doesn't do it right.

q: Why did the three year old African boy buy a red convertible?
a: He was having a midlife crisis.

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at the local school?
a: It's okay, he woke up.

q: What do you call an indian with pink hair?
a: Ghandi Floss!

q: what did the cell that got stepped on by it's sister say?
a: mitosis.

q: When is a car, not a car?
a: When it turns into a driveway.

q: What side do turkeys have the most feathers on?
a: The outside.

q: What do boobs and Christmas trees have in common?
a: When you see really nice ones, you have to ask if they are real or fake 

q: What do you call a couple having sex in a moving car?
a: Burning rubber

q: What did the atheist fisherman say when asked about his catch?
a: There is no cod

q: What's the difference between an art student and a philosophy student?
a: A philosophy student asks you   you want fries with that

q: Where did Susie go when her town got bombed?
a: Everywhere. 

q: Why is the state of Israel like laundry?
a: Its a part Tide

q: Whats a ducks favourite drug?
a: Quack cocaine

q: How do you kill 27 people with one punch?
a: With a Sandy Hook

q: What do "fake news" and isis have in common?
a: They're blowing up everyone's newsfeed

q: Who won the international race?
a: It was a Thai.

q: What do you call a slut that can think?
a: A thot.

q: Which is the smallest profession? A mini cab driver or a micro biologist?
a: Neither. I have a friend who works in computers.

q: Why won't Jonas Bjerre, Johan Wohlert nor Silas Utke Graae Jrgensen use guitars?
a: Because guitars make music.

q: What's the difference between a trump supporter and a newly adopted Siberian husky?
a: The dog has the mental fortitude to realize he's just gotten owned by a Russian.

q: What did Anakin say to Padme right before they had sex?
a: Let's see those Naboobies.

q: What do you call a rabbi who plays miniature golf?
a: Jupiter

q: What do you call a cow with a twitch?
a: Beef jerky What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef

q: What do you call an old Spanish car?
a: FeO

q: How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for Christmas?
a: He felt his presents.

q: What did the hippie say when he was asked to leave the couch he was sleeping/staying on?
a: Namast (nah-ima-stay)

q: What's the difference between a Nazi and a gay man?
a: Which side of the gas chamber they're on.

q: What do you call a pine cone that creates exact replicas of itself?
a: A pine clone

q: What if George Lucas was the new Supreme Court justice?
a: Lucas gets indicted after video surfaces of him tampering with previous decisions he made.

q: What's the difference between a frog and a horny toad?
a: One goes "ribbit ribbit", the other goes "rub it rub it".

q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
a: I wouldn't pay 50 to have a lentil on my face... 

q: What is the difference between Reddit and children's television?
a: Children don't throw tantrums when there's a rerun of some content.

q: How many stockholders does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to take out the bulb and drop it, and the other to try and sell it before it crashes.

q: How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. That's a hardware problem.

q: What do you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
a: Wipe it off and apologise

q: What do you call a black man in space?
a: An astronaut.

q: How do you get an art major off your front porch?
a: Pay for the pizza!

q: Why doesn't cancer let anyone in a music store?
a: It doesn't want anyone to find The Cure. 

q: What is ISIS's favorite mathematical operation?
a: Square Root.  Anything it is applied to becomes radicalized. 

q: Why are there no female serial killers ??
a: Because after the first kill, they have to tell someone.

q: How do you blindfold an Asian?
a: With dental floss.

q: How do you make an octopus laugh?
a: Give it ten tickles

q: Why do dogs lick each other?
a: Because they can't make a fist.

q: What do Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo and Raphael have in common?
a: They're all Renaissance Italian artists. 

q: What's brown and sticky?
a: A stick.

q: What do you call a half gay person on a bike?
a: A bicyclist

q: What does a new pilot do?
a: Wing it. 

q: Why is it great to date a duck?
a: Whenever you go out to eat they always have the bill. 

q: Who was the famous writer, that died in WWII?
a: I don't know Anne Frankly I don't care.

q: What do you get if you cross a woman with a whale?
a: Your research funding suspended and a severe reprimand from the ethics committee.

q: What's the biggest difference between Intel and AMD?
a: How they process things.

q: Why don't airplanes make good dads?
a: They are always taking off.

q: Why are all Jewish men circumcised ?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off.

q: What do you call a hundred blondes stacked up on each other?
a: An air mattress.

q: What's a neckbeard's favorite metal?
a: m'ladium

q: My 8 year old today: Who serves the toilet?
a: The buuttt-lerrr!

q: How do police informants begin their jokes?
a: Nark Nark

q: How can you tell if a witch is racist?
a: See if she'll perform black magic.

q: Where do cowboys cook their meals?
a: On the range

q: Why do people call Pokemon Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald the "teenage years" of Pokemon?
a: Because they were super horny.

q: Knock knock! Who's There?
a: (Interrupting the whos there) Penny!

q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
a: He was lucky it was a soft drink

q: Did you hear about the new rating scale for how colorblind someone is?
a: Its called the greyscale

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
a: It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.  

q: Why does Tiger Woods make the best milkshakes?
a: He uses the best ingredients. 

q: How can you tell if a man has a high sperm count?
a: You have to chew before you swallow!

q: Why did Judge Reinhold get arrested in Dallas?
a: Because he can't even get arrested in Hollywood.

q: What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
a: Everyone can roast beef, but no one can pea soup.

q: What does the MacBook have in common with Donald Trump?
a: I would tell you.... But I don't compare apples to oranges.

q: Where do you find a dog with no legs?
a: Where you left it

q: What do you call it when Batman skips church..?
a: Christian Bale. 

q: What do blind fisherman use as bait?
a: Clickbait.

q: What do you call an appetizer made with duck?
a: Pregame.

q: How much room is needed for fungi to grow?
a: As mushroom as possible

q: Whats black and isn't working?
a: Black lives matter.

q: "Did you hear about the $3,000,000 Maryland State Lottery?
a: The winner gets $3 a year for a million years."

q: What is your name?
a: "Carmen. Well, actually, my name is Laura, but since I like cars and men so much...Car-men. What is yours?" "Beerpussy"

q: Why are all my black friends so tall?
a: Because their knee grows.

q: Why the full we don't have any jokes about Islam?
a: Is it because it's a joke by itself or what.

q: What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
a: He flushed. 

q: Do you know the difference between lunch and a blowjob?
a: You don't??? We should have lunch sometime!

q: What did the girlfriend say to her boyfriend that was bitten by a zombie?
a: "You're dead to me"

q: What do you call a fat prostitute in space?
a: A meaty whore.

q: Doctor: Did you come to see me with and eye problem?
a: Patient: Yes doctor, how do you know? Doctor: Because you came in through the window instead of the door.

q: Why didn't Keanu Reeves eat his breakfast cereal?
a: Because....there is no spoon.

q: Why did the board game factory close?
a: It was counter productive.

q: What is a south Koreans favorite fruit?
a: An impeach.

q: How do you drown a blonde?
a: Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool.

q: What do you call Pope Benedict after his final day in the papal office?
a: Ex-Benedict. 

q: Where does a two dimensional man live?
a: A flat.

q: Who just can't get enough of one liners?
a: Coke addicts.

q: What do Spider-Man and Windows 98 have in common?
a: They're always rebooting. 

q: Why cant you watch TV in Afghanistan?
a: Because of the tele-ban.

q: What did the elephant say?
a: What did the elephant say when it was pulled out of a pit by the Balls?  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Ball!

q: What is red and bad for your teeth?
a: A brick.

q: Wanna dance?
a: Two Girls were sitting at a club. One was ugly and the another one was beautiful. Dave walked straight to the ugly girl. Dave: Hello! Ugly girl: Hi!! Dave: Wanna dance? Ugly Girl: Yes (excited) Dave: OK, Go and dance. I wanna talk to your friend.

q: How are Santa Claus and a Catholic priest alike?
a: They both come out of little boys rooms with empty sacks.

q: What is yellow and rolls down a hill?
a: Mustard in a rollerskate

q: Why is "My Own Worst Enemy" a great song?
a: Because it's Lit!

q: What do you get when you throw a grenade into a french kitchen?
a: Linoleum Blownapart

q: Did you know Helen Keller had an amusement park in her backyard?
a: Neither did she.

q: What's a redditor's favorite pasta?
a: Copypasta

q: What's the difference between a duck?
a: One leg is both the same.

q: Ever tried eating a clock?
a: It's time consuming. 

q: Why is the ocean so salty?
a: Because the land never waves back 

q: Why transformer vibrates?
a: if You had 100 periods a second you would vibrate too.

q: Is your refrigerator running?
a: Then you better go catch it!

q: Do you ever talk to yourself?
a: I wasn't talking to you.

q: When do cows go to sleep?
a: Pasture bedtime.

q: How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Look, we can change the lightbulb. That I will tell you. We're changing it, ok? And I understand what you're saying, I hear it all the time. People call me and say "Is the lightbulb really dead?". Thats what they are asking me, its unbelievable. The lightbulb is in big trouble, that I can tell you. But we are going to change it. 

q: What did the 0 say to the 8?
a: "Nice belt."

q: What do short people call something that's too high up?
a: Absolute zero, because it's impossible to reach 

q: Why is Yoda the worst copilot?
a: "Yoda, are we still going the right way?" "Off course we are"

q: What do you call a non-practicing Jew?
a: Jew-ish.

q: What do you call a runner who hates every event but his own?
a: A raceist 

q: What do you call someone who can't think on their feet?
a: A paraplegic

q: Why isn't the holiday on December 25th pronounced "Chlistmas"?
a: Because there's no L. 

q: Why did the Jewish man become a banker?
a: We're unsure, but he has a nose for it. 

q: What do Prime Numbers and Basic Bitches have in common?
a: They both literally can't even

q: Why do girls take 45 minutes to get dressed?
a: The only improvement you can make is getting undressed. 

q: Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas with Halloween?
a: Because Dec 25 = Oct 31

q: What do you call a rifle that fires 3 bullets at once?
a: A trifle!

q: What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
a: The Holocaust.

q: What did Jesus say to Melchior?
a: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!

q: Afraid your kid might be a commie?
a: Well if he paints one of his bedroom walls red with some yellow stars or a hammer and sickle, that's a huge red flag.

q: Which Way Do Transformers Put The Toilet Paper?
a: Autobots Roll Out!

q: Why do Indians hate snow?
a: It's white and it's on their land.

q: Why did princess Diana cross the road?
a: She forgot to wear a seatbelt. 

q: How did redditor heckle the stand up comic?
a: "The real joke is always in the comments!"

q: What do you call a hippie that is out at sea on a raft?
a: He was far out man. -_-

q: What disease does a married man have?
a: onejina

q: What is the number 1 rule at a computer bar?
a: Always tip your server.

q: Why are Alabama weddings so small?
a: They've only gotta invite one family

q: What should you not gift a Syrian this year?
a: A drone

q: Why did Prince Charles leave Windsor Castle and move to an alley?
a: Because: Camilla Parker Bowles.

q: Know what's the perfect example of a queue?
a: The remaining 4 letters are still waiting for their turn. 

q: Why wasn't Jesus Christ born in Alabama?
a: They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.

q: Why are there no Walmarts in Iraq?
a: Because they are all Targets.

q: How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None 'cause it's already lit, fam. 

q: What do you call a black guy surrounded by 1000 white people?
a: Mr.President

q: Why do I not laugh at your jokes anymore?
a: Because I've "reddit" before

q: (Dark) What does a lightbulb and a pregnant woman have in common?
a: Its easy to break the little light inside them.

q: What do a Boston Marathon runner and Jesus have in common?
a: Nails in their hands and feet

q: How many vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger?
a: One if nobody's looking.

q: How many r/jokes redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Answer is 2. One to change the lightbulb while the other screams "REPOST"

q: What do a Boston Marathon runner and Hitler have in common?
a: Neither can finish a race.

q: Wanna hear a dirty joke?
a: Two pigs playing in the mud

q: What is a musician's favorite computer?
a: A Dell

q: What do you call a crow who repairs time pieces?
a: A bird watcher.

q: Why did the teddy bear leave the restaurant?
a: He was stuffed.

q: Why do the rich enjoy tending to their gardens?
a: Because the they have an excuse to buy hose

q: What does Reddit share in common with the real world?
a: A messed up system of karma

q: What's the difference between a garbanzo pea and a chick pea?
a: I've never had a garbanzo pea on my face.

q: Wanna hear a joke about a piece of paper?
a: Never mind, its tearable.

q: What do you call an iron cat?
a: A FEline.

q: What do people drink at Club Obi-Wan?
a: Qui-Gon Gin.

q: What did the banana say to the vibrator?
a: Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me.

q: What do you call a group of ravens?
a: Ray Lewis

q: What does Sherlock Holmes do in the toilet?
a: He de-deuces.

q: What do you call a dog with 2 legs?
a: Snoop Dogg.

q: Obama: (sighs) Joe, what happened to all of the pens that were in this container yesterday?
a: Biden: I hid them from Trump because he won't need them. He already has his own Obama: Oh really? How do you know? Biden: Seriously, I'm not lying. Trust me, he has his own Pence

q: What did the sex offender say when he robbed the Pokmon Center?
a: "Nurse, let me take a Pikachu."

q: Has anyone ever tasted novocaine?
a: It's really nummy.

q: Why does Rihanna hate racing against a shit covered Jesus?
a: Because Christ Brown always beats her

q: What do Greeks use to listen to music?
a: Spartify

q: What's a surfers least favourite household appliance?
a: A Microwave.

q: Why are girlfriends like plungers?
a: They are always bringing up old shit

q: Why didn't the terminator upgrade to windows 10?
a: I asked him and he said, "I still love vista, baby!"

q: Why can you never trust a car made in the Soviet Union?
a: They keep Lenin to the left, and Stalin.

q: How do you call a robber in a suit of armor?
a: A thief in the knight

q: How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Don't be silly, feminists can't change anything!

q: How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
a: A whole chuck-load. 

q: Why couldnt the feminist screw in a lightbulb?
a: Because there was a glass ceiling.

q: What do you call a gay philosopher?
a: Pyfagoras

q: How do you cover 18 holes with one hole?
a: Have your mom sit down on a golf course.

q: What's worse than getting rejected by an attractive stranger?
a: Getting hit on by an ugly stranger.

q: Why couldn't Barbie get pregnant?
a: -Because they cast Amy Schumer and Ken couldn't get the job done.

q: Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
a: Because she had no arms 

q: What do you call the 'n' in government?
a: CryptoN Only few will get this

q: Why did the mushroom go to the party?
a: Because he was a fungi

q: Why did the console peasant cross the road?
a: To render the other side.

q: What did the woman say to the stamp collector to reject his romantic advances?
a: Philately will get you no where.

q: What happens when you spin an Asian around?
a: He becomes disoriental

q: What do you call a Jewish Pokmon trainer?
a: Ash

q: What did the obese man say about the belt he'd recently purchased?
a: "Top notch".

q: What's your greatest weakness?
a: "Honesty." "I don't think honesty is a weakness." "Well I don't give a damn about what   think."

q: Damn girl are you an Indian reservation?
a: Cause I want to lay some pipe in you. 

q: What's the difference between a Zippo and a hippo?
a: Ones really heavy, and the other's a little lighter!

q: Who was the true winner of the 1940 Tour de France?
a: The 7th German Panzer Division

q: Why is Jesus always sad?
a: Because Jesus Christ (Cries)

q: [Dark Humor] How many Jews died in the holocaust?
a: Not enough. 

q: Why are people from Arkansas so good at Science?
a: Because they use the Theory of Relativity to find a partner.

q: Wanna hear a terrorist joke?
a: Israeli good.. 

q: What do you call a drug factory that catches fire?
a: A pot roast

q: What do the twin towers and genders have in common?
a: There used to be exactly two, and now it's too offensive to talk about. 

q: Have you read the book about anti-gravity?
a: Much like that one book, Old Yeller, it's pretty damn hard to put down.

q: Who is this Rorschach guy?
a: And why does he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting?

q: What do you call a puppy with autism?
a: aww-tistic 

q: Why was Orlando Bloom sad when he realised he wasn't able to build small toy houses?
a: Because he was Legolas.

q: Why is it illegal to masturbate on an airplane?
a: Because its high jacking. 

q: Why are most politicians in the closet or gay?
a: Because they can only mandate.

q: Why can't Maester Aemon see?
a: Because he's dead.

q: what did the Kremlin say when Kruschev died?
a: we will bury him. 

q: What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus?
a: Claustrophobic

q: Why is a hen house like a lesbian?
a: No cocks allowed.

q: What do they call deers in space?
a: I don't know, they would probably die anyways.

q: Why did the detective go to the apartment complex?
a: Why did the detective go to the apartment complex? So he could solve the staircase. 

q: Why did the duck cross the road?
a: To get some quack

q: How do you get a Canadian to quit smoking cigarets?
a: You ask him politely. 

q: Why did Gandalf the Grey drop out of high school?
a: He could not pass

q: Have you ever heard a terrible joke?
a: Well now you have.

q: Why did the tourist visiting Mexico bring Prolax and pepper spray?
a: They prevented hispanic attacks

q: Why doesn't Pac-Man use Twitter?
a: Because he doesn't like being followed.

q: How does the balance sheet of a bank look like as of today?
a: On the left side there's nothing right and on the right side there's nothing left...

q: Have you ever tried to eat a clock?
a: It's very time consuming. 

q: Anyone Heard About The New Barbie?
a: It's called divorced barbie. Comes with all of Kens stuff.

q: What do you call your wife's sisters husband?
a: An asshole, for marrying the hot sister

q: Mother Teresa lived to 87. Do you know how much sex she had in all those years?
a: Nun. 

q: Is your dad a gardner?
a: Him: Is your dad a gardner? Her: (sarcastically) - Why, because you've never seen a flower like me? Him: No, I wondered if you trim your bush. 

q: What do you call the birth of a lie?
a: Myth-conception

q: Why did the animal shelter relocate to Nebraska?
a: Why did the animal shelter relocate to Nebraska? So they could make corn dogs. 

q: What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?
a: Wheres pop corn? 

q: What did the leper say to the prostitute?
a: "Keep the tip."

q: Why did the french geologist have to go to the hospital?
a: He had Gaul stones.

q: How does a Jew make his coffee?
a: Hebrews it.

q: What do you call a guy who can't poop?
a: A constipatient

q: What do you call a witch who only eats sand?
a: Malnourished.

q: If Reddit were a 90s sitcom, what would it be called?
a: Karma & Greg

q: What is the difference between Jews and Santa Claus?
a: Santa goes down the chimney.

q: Why do gorillas have big nostrils?
a: ... Because they got big fingers.  

q: Why do java programmers need glasses?
a: They don't C#.

q: How many Gordon Ramseys does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, he lets the knives do the work 

q: why was the Star Ship Enterprise circling Uranus?
a: they were looking for Klingons

q: What do you call a deceptive feline?
a: A lion. Get it guys lol? Lion ~ Lying   I'll pounce myself out now...

q: Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused a Novocain injection during root canal treatment?
a: He wanted to transcend dental medication

q: What do you call a cheesy French man?
a: Parma Jean 

q: What font does a beef noodle stall use?
a: Times Niurou Mian  (Niurou Mian = beef noodles in Chinese)

q: Should I get get worried when the moon goes dark?
a: Nah, it's just a phase. Credit to   for the entire premise, I just reworded it.

q: Why can't Matthew McConaughey make a left turn?
a: Because he's  .

q: What do you call a retired professional swimmer?
a: Washed up.

q: Why do fanfic writers like Amazon Prime?
a: They get free two-day shipping.

q: A blonde asks the doctor: Can you catch aids in toilets?
a: Doctor: Yes you can, but there are more comfortable places.

q: How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. They just beat the room, because it's black.

q: Why can't Kermit and Miss Piggy count to one hundred?
a: Because every time they get to 69, Miss Piggy gets a frog in her throat.

q: What would've happened if Jesus Christ didn't make Christmas?
a: It would've just been "mas".

q: What does an invisible watermelon look like?
a: Like that.

q: What do you call a Catholic Missionary who is also a car enthusiast?
a: A Catholitic Converter 

q: When does feminism end?
a: When Islam begins.

q: What did Edward Snowden say when he bumped into Barack Obama?
a: Pardon me

q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb in Texas?
a: They can't. There's a wall.

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a Xbox?
a: They're both made of plastic, and little kids turn them on.

q: How do you clean a spear?
a: Put it through the Wash.

q: What do you call it when two terrorists are horsing around on the radio?
a: Talibanter

q: What do Muslim men do while foreplay?
a: Tickle the goat under it's chin.

q: What do you call a journalist in Russia?
a: An ambulance. 

q: What did the hungry computer eat?
a: Chips, one byte at a time

q: What did the Ceasar of reddit say?
a: I came, I upvoted, I reposted.

q: How do you know if a girl is ticklish?
a: Give her a testicle.

q: When does a joke become a dad joke?
a: When the joke is fully groan.

q: Q: Why did the one-handed man cross the road?
a: A: To get to the second hand shop.

q: How do you back Donald Trump into a driveway?
a: "You're alt right, You're alt right, You're alt right"

q: Anton, do you think I'm a bad mother?
a: My name is Paul.

q: Why was Six afraid of Seven?
a: Because Seven was a registered six offender.

q: Why are negative parabolas so introverted?
a: They have a hard time opening up

q: What computer eat?
a: Q: What do computers eat for a snack?  A: Microchips!

q: Wanna read a long joke?
a: JOKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

q: What do you call a girl with no legs?
a: Disabled. 

q: Just had sex even though I had a headache. Did you hear that, ladies?
a: Nobody died...

q: How do you calculate a girl's impulse?
a: F dt bich

q: How do they pick kids for the Make-A-Wish Foundation?
a: Natural selection.

q: What does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
a: Beat it. Were closed.

q: What does the European say to the black couple?
a: I ship them

q: Why did sumo wrestlers start shaving their legs?
a: To stop getting confused as feminists

q: What does a skeptic chemist say when he hears a baseless argument?
a: No lye?

q: Why are ducks always sad?
a: Because of their bills

q: Q: Does God exist?
a: A: Yes. And she's Black.  -------------------- imo: best joke ever 

q: Are you Russian?
a: Yeah! I'm hoping I either get Kappa Kappa Gamma or Alpha Phi!

q: What do you call a judge with no left hand and left leg?
a: He is alright, but one sided!

q: What do you call a snake that works in the government?
a: A civil serpent 

q: why did the chicken cross the road?
a: well it wanted to get away from the vegetarians.

q: What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?
a: Lickalatapus

q: What do you say to a black man in a suit?
a: "Will the defendant please rise."

q: How did George Michael speak when he couldn't eat fruit?
a: In a pear-less whisper. I'll see myself out.

q: How many isolationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, they prefer to live in the dark. 

q: Did you hear about the man who got sick at the airport?
a: It was a terminal illness.

q: Ever hear about the Baader Meinhof phenomena?
a: If not, you will soon!

q: What is a pirate's least favorite letter?
a: Dear Sir/Ma'am,  We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons:

q: What do you call an NSA whistle-blower spending the winter in Russia?
a: Edward Snowed-in

q: What's a stoner's favorite body of water?
a: The T.H. sea

q: How do you make a scientist laugh?
a: Throw some Titanium Chloride at him/her (TiCl) (Tickle)

q: What do you throw at a scientists wedding?
a: Carbon, Oxygen, Nitrogen, Iron and Titanium (C,O,N,Fe,Ti)

q: What is a dad joke?
a: Punchlines that got married and settled down.

q: What do you call it when someone from Belarus lies to you?
a: A Belaruse!

q: What do you call an angry German?
a: a sourkraut

q: Why did the blind women fall into a well?
a: Someone pushed her 

q: Did you hear about the president that cheated on his wife with a piece of fruit?
a: He was impeached

q: Why does Willem Dafoe play a villain in a lot of movies?
a: Duh.  Cause he's da foe.

q: How do you make copper wire?
a: Place a penny between two Jews.

q: What's the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute?
a: The prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.

q: How do you know if you are drowning in milk?
a: If it's pasturize

q: Why is Kevin Hart the opposite of Michael Schumacher?
a: His life improved after he met the rock.

q: What's the hardest part of cooking vegetables?
a: Their wheelchairs

q: What do you call a black man flying an airplane?
a: Pilot.

q: What's green and yellow and can't fly?
a: Brazilian soccer players.

q: What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
a: My ass.

q: Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet?
a: Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!

q: Why do men carry condoms instead of women?
a: Because by the time women found a condom in their purses, kid would be 3 years old

q: How is Christmas like your job?
a: You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit

q: What did Hillary say when she lost?
a: Putin end to my life.

q: Hey boy,are you the Marauder's Map?
a: Because I would like to manage my mischief with you

q: Why don't X and Z get along with Y?
a: Because Y so serious

q: Hey girl are you legs broken?
a: Make up the other half of this pickup line in the comments. Edit Totally goofed it up in the title. Oh well, I had a few drinks last night and things happened. *Are your legs broken?

q: What did the knife say to the potato?
a: Now I've got to cut you.

q: What was Jeremy Clarkson on during Top Gear?
a: SPEEEED!

q: What is the difference between a 3D modeller and a gamer?
a: Ask them what a 3Ds is.

q: [Controversial] Why wasn't Jesus born into the Trump family?
a: Because Jesus couldn't find any wise men then  Edit: Made more clear

q: What did the chronic masturbator have for dinner?
a: Stroganoff 

q: What do you call a semi-professional proctologist?
a: Someone doing a half-assed job.

q: Why was Peter Pan a bad boxer?
a: His punches Neverland.

q: Did you hear that Willie Nelson died?
a: He got hit by a car. He was playing On The Road Again.

q: What am I not taking on Christmas this year?
a: Noels 

q: Did you guys hear about the Trump winery?
a: It's only whites.

q: What is something that is brown and sticky?
a: A stick.

q: You know what the hardest part about rollerblading is?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: What do you call a person who drinks way too much soda?
a: A Coke-o-nut.

q: What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer?
a: A jeweler sells watches and a jailer watches cells

q: What goes stomp, stomp, stomp, squish?
a: An elephant with a wet boot 

q: Whats the difference between being hungry and being horny?
a: Where you put the cucumber.

q: What's the difference between Beyonce and a shopping bag?
a: A shopping bag can carry a child.

q: Why is it easier for married black men to cheat?
a: Because their ring doesn't leave a tan line when they take it off!

q: What do you call a cheap circumcision?
a: A ripoff 

q: Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?
a: because his wife died.

q: What do you call a short priest reaching for his bible that's on the top shelf?
a: Christina Ricci.

q: What do you say to Harry Potter when he has a mosquito bite he can't stop scratching?
a: Quidditching

q: What do you call the guy who manages my apartment building?
a: The thoooperintendent.

q: What do Trump and an Aluminum can have in common?
a: They easily get bent out of shape...

q: What dies a little, when explained about?
a: A joke. 

q: What do a horny guy and a bad driver have in common?
a: They are both bad at pulling out.

q: What do Waitresses and Chemists have in common?
a: They both need to check the table periodically...

q: What do you call a cheap, horrible circumcision?
a: A rip off

q: How do you lower the crime rate?
a: Give the criminals badges.

q: What happened when Santa cut his beard?
a: The police came and took statements but ultimately Mrs. Claus declined to press charges. [OC]

q: Why do chickens go to church?
a: To get to the other side

q: Man: Hi, do you want to dance?
a: Woman: Yeah, sure! . Man: Great, go and dance, I want your Chair.

q: What's awkward for a man but a normal part of the job for a lumberjack?
a: Morning wood.

q: Have you ever smelled moth balls?
a: How did you get his tiny little legs open?

q: Which president was least guilty?
a: Lincoln, because he is in a cent. 

q: What do you call a private investigator who has a completely liquid diet?
a: No-Shit Sherlock

q: Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees?
a: Because they are really good at it

q: Why was six scared of seven?
a: Because seven "ate" nine.

q: After Kanye was released from the hospital for exhaustion what was his diagnosis?
a: He had a Yeez-ynfection.

q: How do you get over a fear of elevators?
a: Just take some steps to avoid them!

q: What do you call miscellaneous members of Han Solo's best friend's family?
a: Rando Calrissians

q: What does an old woman have between her breasts that a young woman doesn't?
a: A bellybutton!

q: Why is your nose in the middle of your face?
a: Because it's the scenter!

q: What did the vinaigrette say to the refrigerator?
a: Close the door! I'm dressing!

q: Why are Boy Scouts safest when travelling with a senior?
a: They'll always have dry wood on hand to start a fire

q: What's a Pirate's favorite letter?
a: Rrrrrrrr? You think it be R but it be sea

q: how do you get a gay guy to sit on a bar stool?
a: flip it upside down

q: What do you get if you cross McCree with a cow?
a: His voice line becomes "It's high mooooon" 

q: What did the buffalo say before his son left for school?
a: Bison

q: What did one coffee bean say to the other coffee bean?
a: "Fuck Starbucks! Amirite?!"

q: Why do Santas elves take forever to finish making toys?
a: Because they are always a little behind

q: What's joke #1?
a: [THIS IS NOT A JOKE] I'm sure you all have heard the joke where   has a number for each joke and that everyone just remembers the numbers instead for typing out the jokes. This always made me think "What would joke #1 be?" What do you think it'd be?

q: You know what's more funnier than Cold Play?
a: Some one who likes Cold Play

q: What's the difference between a comedian and a Republican?
a: One benefits from laughs and the other laughs at benefits

q: What's the most threatened career in Trudeau's Canada?
a: Pain specialists

q: What do you call a 200ft Rabbi rampaging through Tokyo?
a: A Kaiju.

q: What do you call a soul singer with a bladder problem?
a: Urethra Franklin 

q: What do Englishmen like more than tea?
a: Tea tea

q: Where do fashionable kids with cancer like to shop for clothes?
a: Never 21

q: Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
a: Because it was too chicken!

q: Where do lumberjacks go for casual sex?
a: Timber

q: What does a ghost drink?
a: Boo's.

q: What do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills?
a: Aretha Franklins

q: What's the difference between the G-Spot and Jack Daniels?
a: I'll actually look for the Jack Daniels.

q: What did the bartender say after Charles Dickens ordered a drink?
a: "Olive or twist?"

q: How are women like casinos?
a: Liquor in the front, poker in the back.

q: Why did the Mexicans ignore the "No Trespassing" sign?
a: It was just the two of them.

q: Did you hear about the General's Army?
a: He likes to keep it Handy. * * * 'Stand' by for more body part puns.

q: What's a thief's favorite type of armour?
a: Steel armour

q: Who wears a toga and a face mask?
a: The Roman Umpire.

q: What do spinach and anal sex have in common?
a: If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.

q: What's the worst thing to say to a person with depression?
a: Don't be depressed

q: Why do Stasi officers make such good taxi drivers?
a: You get in the car and they already know your name and where you live.

q: What do you call a theme park where people go to have selfies with chickens?
a: Pout-ry farm.. 

q: What did the salesman say when you asked for a 10% discount on a pair of Crocs?
a: "Jewish." But then you said, "Yes I do wish for that."  The salesman realizing how wrong he's been all his life replied, "Wow Jews can be funny." But then you said, "No, I take 'shoes' seriously. That's why I want those Crocs." The conversation went on for another 5 minutes because you had nothing better to do. Eventually you held up one of the shoes and asked the salesman, "Is this really authentic?"  The salesman went onto Reddit, read this joke, and said, "Yes, this is a real crock alright."

q: What do you call a cranky grandfather?
a: A grumpa. 

q: What's a down-side of being a paedophile?
a: You have to go to bed early.

q: What's the hardest thing about anal?
a: Undoing the straps on your roller blades 

q: What did Nokia's executives say when the iPhone launched?
a: "We're Finnished."

q: What do you call one of Santa's helpers who bosses around the reindeer?
a: When he found out, Santa shouldn't have gotten mad, he only had his elf to blame. Now Santa won't forgive him until elf freezes over.

q: Whats blue and slippery?
a: A blue slipper 

q: How did the two perverts break up?
a: "I think we should see other peepholes."

q: Why didn't the piece of paper move out of the way when a car came speeding towards it?
a: Because it was stationary. 

q: What did the insect say when he saw a gnat get hit?
a: "He did gnat see that coming"

q: What do you call a bird that's afraid of heights?
a: A chicken

q: Ever heard of the first time Stevie Wonder tried reading braille?
a: After 30 minutes of trying to decipher the text he gave up and exclaimed, "Man I am not good at this". Then someone shouted back "Huh, I thought black people were good at basketball."

q: Why is the beach wet?
a: Cause the seaweed

q: Why do big trucks have nuts on the trailer hitch, but no shaft?
a: Because the prick's behind the wheel

q: What did one hotdog stand say to the other hotdog stand?
a: Eyyyy, Garry, didn't know you turned into a hotdog stand too! Eyyyy!

q: Did you hear about the new color attracting broom?
a: They are sweeping the nation with it!

q: What's it called when a fedora wearing neckbeard gets sick?
a: M'alady

q: Why does a white person turn black after eating a whole cantaloupe?
a: Because he's got a lot of melon-in.

q: What do you call a Jewish woman's boobs?
a: Jewbs

q: What do a sneeze, a french-dip, and Woody Allen have in common?
a: Ah Jew!

q: What did Batman say to Robin before he got in the car?
a: "Get in the car"

q: Why do dogs lick their balls ?
a: Because they can.

q: What do you call a gay Jew?
a: A fruitkike!

q: Did you hear the one about the agnostic insomniac dyslexic?
a: He stays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: What do you call a gay couple before June 2015?
a: Partners in crime

q: How do you call a cow with no legs?
a: You don't, because cows don't have phones.

q: Did you hear about the builder who could clap very loudly?
a: They always got him to raise the roof.

q: What came before the Big Bang?
a: The Big Foreplay.

q: What do you call a man with no knees?
a: Toni

q: Did you hear about the new camouflage turban?
a: It helps you hide and Sikh.

q: Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
a: He comes but once a year.

q: What does a Jedi use to open files?
a: Adobe-wan Kenobi

q: Which came first the chicken or the egg?
a: The one smoking the cigarette.

q: What do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual Norse monarchs?
a: The bikings.

q: What's the hardest part of making a vegan pizza?
a: Skinning the vegan.

q: What is everyone using to scrape ice off their windscreen?
a: This morning I used a discount card from my wallet, but it was no good. I only got 20% off.

q: What reassurance did the proud Jewish father offer his struggling son?
a: "Don't worry, son; we Katz always land on our feet."

q: What do you call a bell which doesn't do it's work?
a: A rebell

q: What do pumpkin spice and Drake have in common?
a: Canadians like them both a lot eh?

q: What did the vegetable say to the dj?
a: lettuce turnip the beet

q: What do the cristae of the mitochondria and the Mexican border have in common?
a: Depending what you're charged with can really effect how easily you're getting across.

q: What was the other reindeer's name?
a: Olive. EDIT: Please don't explain and let those suffer who don't understand

q: What's the difference between Hitler and Trump?
a: Hitler was elected.

q: What did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
a: See you next month.

q: Why Don't Black People like Country Music?
a: Because everytime theres a Hoedown, they think one of their sisters got shot.

q: How are new marriages just like LOST?
a: The Significant Others just want babies.

q: What is brown and sticky?
a: A stick!

q: Did you hear the one about the gay whale?
a: It bit the end off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen 

q: What do you call a white supremacist that doesn't eat meat?
a: A VegitAryan This has nothing to with the current political climate. I work with several vegetarians and we were talking about food today and it the joke just hit me.

q: What has two wings and a halo?
a: A Chinese phone. Wing wing, hallo? 

q: What is your guys' opinion on shoes that are a little bit too small?
a: Honestly, I think they're pretty tight!

q: You know what the worst part about being tall and funny is?
a: My jokes go right over most people's head.

q: How can you tell an ant is a boy or girl?
a: Throw it in water  If it sinks = girl ant  If it floats = buoyant 

q: What do you call an american late night channel block dedicated to tsundere anime shows?
a: Tsunami

q: how do japanese petite dogs says hello?
a: konnichihuahua!

q: What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato?
a: A dictator.

q: Why doesn't the stone vendor value money?
a: Because he takes it for granite.

q: Why do Native Americans hate snow?
a: Because it's white and settles on their land

q: (OC)What did dumbledores ghost say?
a: There's a snape in the grass.

q: How many feet are in a yard?
a: 4 if you have a dog.

q: why do women not need to wear watches?
a: there's a clock on the stove

q: What's it called when a dog burns down a building?
a: Arfson

q: What's the definition of a will?
a: It's a dead giveaway. 

q: What is Stephen Hawking's favourite song?
a: Satisfaction

q: Why did nobody in the Soviet Union drive manual cars?
a: They were afraid of Stalin'

q: Why are Jews so good at basketball?
a: They keep making 6-pointers.

q: Did you get a swirly?
a: Because your face looks flushed.

q: What are Super Mario & Luigi's overalls made of?
a: Denim-denim-denim...         denim-denim-denim.

q: What was the desert's piece of advice?
a: Gobi yourself

q: Did you hear about the Brazilian football team?
a: Last I heard, they were really taking off.

q: Have you meet my briefcase?
a: I named him Justin... Justin Case

q: What do capitalists and conspiracy theorists have in common?
a: They are both controlled by little green men.

q: What do you call a flying bagel?
a: A plane bagel. 

q: Why are there no nightclubs on Venus?
a: They shut down because they had a toxic atmosphere 

q: Did you hear about the chameleon who couldnt change colour?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction.

q: Whats the difference between a USB and the USA?
a: One has standards.

q: How do farmers count their cattle?
a: With a  culator

q: Hey baby, do you wanna sleep with a statistic?
a: I'm one in a million. ;D

q: Why aren't Tumblr users good farm contractors?
a: Because they always take a fence

q: Did you hear about the magic tractor?
a: It drove up a lane and turned into a field!

q: Where are the best sounding farts listed?
a: Sharts. 

q: Was Santa Claus Your Birth Doctor?
a: Cause all I heard from your Hospital Room was "HO HO HO"

q: Why was the woman with no children so good at konami games?
a: She takes contraceptives.

q: How did the scarecrow get a promotion?
a: He was outstanding in his field.

q: What do you say when you find superheroes in a Lego store?
a: Avengers Assemble.

q: Why is it easy to defeat an army of suicide bombers?
a: There are no experienced ones

q: What word is always spelled incorrectly?
a: Incorrectly. I'll see myself out.

q: Did you hear about the guy who won too many awards?
a: He had to go to the dentist for serious plaque buildup!

q: Who is the most communist cat in the world?
a: Meow Zedong

q: What do you call a business man that blocks snow?
a: A cold wall banker.

q: What does a noise musician order at a Chinese restaurant?
a: Peaking duck!

q: Asked a hen how many eggs it lays daily?
a: It said: two eggs I said: Oh strange! It said: what's strange? the fact that I lay two eggs? I said: no, the fact that you talk

q: How does a man with no nose smell?
a: Terrible!

q: At a gig, how can you tell if the stage is level?
a: The drummer is drooling equally out of both sides of his mouth.

q: Why did some chemists go broke?
a: The bond market crashed.

q: How do frogs make a condom more interesting?
a: They ribbit

q: How does a Jewish man make coffee?
a: Hebrews it

q: What do you call a dog with steel legs and brass balls?
a: Sparky

q: What do you call a Nazi doctor that served in WWII and only took animal patients?
a: A Veteran Aryan Veterinarian!

q: What does a fern have in its house?
a: Fern-iture

q: Hey girl, are you from Tennessee?
a: Because you're on fire right now.

q: What did the egg say when it got turned up?
a: Om-lit

q: Have you heard about those corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines.

q: Why do white people rely on asians so much?
a: Because without them, they'd just be cauc.

q: Why didn't Hitler take a taxi?
a: He was more of an Ubermensch.

q: Where did L Ron Hubbard store his dishes?
a: In the L Ron cupboard.

q: What was Stalin's favorite chemical equation?
a: HAmAr + SiCl

q: What do you call a cow with no legs?
a: Ground beef

q: If I have 10 pieces of bacon and you take half, what do you have?
a: That's right, a black eye and my hatred.

q: Have you folks read the book, Twenty Yards to the Outhouse?
a: by Willie Makit, illustrated by Betty Wont and published by Andy Dint

q: Why is Gandalf so good in bed?
a: Because a wizard is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to.

q: What do you call a low hanging bull?
a: Saggitaurus.

q: What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
a: The wheel chair 

q: Why did the guitarist get life in prison?
a: He fingered a minor.

q: How do you call the biggest beer bottle?
a: The alpha ale.

q: Why couldn't I use the Palestinian toilet?
a: It was occupied.

q: Hey baby you like hardware stores?
a: Because I'd like to show you menards.

q: Why was the teacher cross-eyed?
a: because she couldn't control her pupils 

q: How do seals keep their coats so smooth?
a: They use a sea lion.

q: What is Tom's favorite kind of joyride?
a: A cruise

q: On a perfect date, what question do you ask a girl twice?
a: So... Can I come inside?

q: What Do You Call IDubbbz When He is Angry?
a: Osteoferocious!

q: What do you call a pack of 8 Timbits?
a: A Timbyte

q: How do deaf mathematicians communicate?
a: Through sine language.

q: Ever wonder how we evolved from cavemen to civilized people?
a: Funny how nature do dat

q: What sound does a Greek gun make?
a: TZZZZAT, TZZZZZZZAT! 

q: What's worse than a cardboard box?
a: Paper tits.

q: What do 6.9 and 69 have in common?
a: Both are great things ruined by periods

q: Why did Frosty drop his pants?
a: Because he's a pervert that likes showing people his snowballs.

q: What's worse than having a girlfriend without tits?
a: Having tits, and no girlfriend.

q: What do you call cheap circumcision?
a: A ripoff.

q: Can somebody explain to me the uproar over the CEO editing posts?
a: I mean... what part of Chief Editing Officer don't these people understand?

q: Why did hitler accidentally drown that jew?
a: he did nazi that well

q: What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown?
a: AI (Artificial Intelligence)

q: How is making cheese like invading Syria?
a: You get some Kurds in the way.

q: How do canibals eat victims with Parkinson's disease?
a: Shake n bake

q: How do you draw a scatter plot?
a: You give the pen to michel j fox

q: How do you read the Gospel According to Shrek?
a: Open your bible to Psalm BODY ONCE TOLD ME

q: What do vegetarian cannibals eat?
a: Cumin Beans

q: What's the difference between bullets and everyone ?
a: Everyone misses Harambe. 

q: Why did they never make a pregnant Barbie?
a: because Ken always came in another box. 

q: What do you call a cow who just gave birth?
a: Decalfeinated

q: What did the Mexican Physicist have for Thanksgiving Dinner?
a: Torque

q: If the Pilgrims were alive today, what would they be most famous for?
a: Their age.

q: What's imaginary that my girlfriend and I afraid to forget?
a: My girlfriend

q: Where does Napoleon live/Ou Napolon habite-t-il?
a: Dans un bon-apartement.

q: What do you call a number on drugs?
a: High Five

q: What is the difference between a good joke and a bad joke?
a: Timing

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a WWI soldier?
a: A WWI soldier has a reason for shooting himself in the foot.

q: What's the difference between a circus and a whore house?
a: My dad didn't meet my mom at a circus or take me their when I turned 5

q: What do you call a potato that had too much pot?
a: A baked potato

q: What do toothpaste and Donald Trump have in common?
a: Their job is to make things whiter.

q: When does a pear become a pair?
a: When one appears. 

q: What does a barcode say if he bumps into another barcode?
a: SKU me

q: Did you hear Monica Lewinsky became a republican?
a: The democrats just left a bad taste in her mouth

q: What do voyeuristic Redditors look at?
a: Upvote pictures 

q: What's the difference between Jesus and the chicken that crossed the road?
a: Jesus died on the cross

q: Why do Men find it hard to make eye contact?
a: Breasts don't have eyes.

q: Why was the broom late to the meeting?
a: It over swept

q: Why is Sammy Hagar such a bad golfer?
a: He can't drive 55.

q: What do you call it when Darth Vader moves one foot?
a: The Imperial March

q: What was a doctors diagnosis of the victims involved in a pet van crash?
a: Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Coma, Chameleon

q: Why is there no "Lets settle this like women"?
a: Because it lasts forever. 

q: What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun?
a: Lukewarm.

q: What do you call a person that raises the dead and also had a thing for napes?
a: A neck-romancer

q: What was the name of the heaviest man in china?
a: Won ton

q: What's the difference between a priest and his dog?
a: One wears pants and a collar while the other wears a collar and pants.

q: You know who is the worst person ever?
a: Yes, Harry, he is. 

q: What happens when you play the drums incorrectly?
a: You get repercussions 

q: How did Henry VIIIs wife enter the room?
a: Amble in (Anne Boyeyn) I made this joke up and am very proud of it :)

q: Does Indiana Jones like foreplay?
a: No, he just whips it out.

q: How do Zombies get rid of Bad Breath?
a: They Munch on some Flesh Mint!

q: What did one dick say to the other dick?
a: Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.

q: What French city always surrenders first?
a: Toulouse

q: Why does the baker have so many loaves?
a: Because they bred.

q: Are you sure you're the dandy highwayman?
a: Yes, I'm adamant

q: Which lawyers are U2 fans?
a: The pro bono ones 

q: What does a horny gay rooster say in the morning?
a: "Any-cock'll-doooooo!"

q: Where do weightlifters get their sandwiches?
a: Subwhey.

q: What do you call a kid who tells bad jokes?
a: A redditor

q: Why did the hipster burn himself?
a: Because he played with fire before it was cool.

q: What do you call an honest lawyer?
a: An oxymoron.

q: Did you here about the earthquake that broke the world in half?
a: It was pretty  !

q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
a: I wouldn't pay $300 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth

q: What do you say about someone who has a grim future?
a: That they are full of poo-tential. 

q: What is Sean Connery's favorite sport, and around what age did he start playing?
a: Tennish

q: What do you call people that you hate?
a: Clouds, because once they are gone it's a beautiful day.

q: How come legacy programmers get Halloween and Christ...?
a: Q: How come legacy programmers get Halloween and Christmas confused?  A: Because Oct 31 = Dec 25 (Octal 31 = Decimal 25)

q: Why was Hitler late to his meeting?
a: He couldn't HEIL a cab.

q: Who's the world's most powerful woman?
a: Naomi Watts.

q: Hey, did you hear about that hilarious joke on /r/Jokes?
a: Neither did I.

q: Why did the Tinman not go to the ball?
a: His heart wasn't in it.

q: Why did Genghis invade China?
a: Because he khan.

q: What did Wonder Woman tell The Flash when he saw that he was greying?
a: "I still find you dashing"

q: [Late, I know] What do rednecks do on Halloween?
a: They pump kin.

q: What did the alien say to Franz Schubert?
a: "Take me to your lieder!"

q: How many fish did it take to consume my wife?
a: None. There are no fish under my new gazebo

q: What did the police car say to the muscle car?
a: Torque

q: What's the difference between Hitler and a marathon runner?
a: The marathon runner can successfully finish a race 

q: What did the rich bald man want before he died?
a: Heairs.

q: What does a Victoria's Secret Black Friday sale have in common with a girl about to get a spanking?
a: Both have panties half-off. 

q: What's the best thing about living in Switzerland?
a: Well, the flag's a big plus

q: Why do Trumpler supporters think he's honest?
a: He told them he would be "fourthreich" and they misheard.

q: What did one lonely penis say to the other?
a: I just want to belong

q: What do Trump supporters and Flat Earthers have in common?
a: They both hate globalists.

q: What makes the Palestinians tick?
a: Not counting the bombs strapped to their chests, I have no clue.

q: What do you call a redneck with a functioning car?
a: Lucky

q: What fictional city can ISIS not invade by land?
a: Gotham City.

q: What happens when you seduce a cow?
a: You get milk.

q: What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom?
a: Angus McCoatup 

q: Wanna know what's really corny?
a: A field of corn.

q: Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
a: Because they lactose.

q: What did the lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire?
a: "See you next month"

q: What's the most forbidden word in retail?
a: Overtime.

q: Why are there no fertility clinics in Arkansas?
a: Sooner or later they find a potent cousin.

q: Did you hear about that broom on the news??
a: It's sweeping the nation

q: How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 6  3 to change the bulb, 2 to explain why men have always done it wrong and 1 on her period.

q: What do you call a gushing keyboard?
a: sqwerty

q: What do you call an Alabama woman who can run faster than her brother?
a: virgin

q: What do you call a Rick and Morty fan with a bronze medal?
a: Thirdperson.

q: Hey, what's a good sign that you're going insane?
a: I'm asking for an imaginary friend.

q: What's the difference between Joe Paterno and Harambe?
a: Harambe tried to save the kids. 

q: Why did the coach go to Aldi?
a: To get his quarterback. 

q: Where do socialist birds lay their eggs?
a: In a communest (pls     

q: Why should I drink Mr. Pibb?
a: He didn't even finish grad school.

q: What's black, white, and red all over?
a: The bludgeoned face of a bi racial man in 2017 america.

q: Scientist1: You got any Sodium Hypobromite?
a: Scientist2: NaBrO

q: What do you call someone who worships Doritos?
a: A chip monk. 

q: What's E.T. short for?
a: Because he has wee legs

q: Have you ever been to a store that only sells lamps?
a: I've heard it's pretty lit.

q: What is the average lifespan of an owl?
a: A little over 6 books.

q: What's the difference between a Chinese man and a lobster under a bus?
a: Nothing. They're both crustacians.

q: What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
a: The pickpocket snatches watches...

q: What does a clock do when it's hungry?
a: It goes back four seconds.

q: What's the difference between your wife and your job?
a: After five years, your job will still suck.

q: Who are the fastest readers?
a: 9/11 victims. They got through over 40 stories in seconds. 

q: What do you call a psychic midget that escapes prison?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What's the difference between a Native American and a white baby?
a: A voice.

q: Why did Hitler kill himself?
a: . . . . He saw his gas bill.

q: What song do the zombies of Westeros sing?
a: The Brains of Castamere. 

q: Did you hear about the guy who mistook the oxygen bar for a cigar bar?
a: He had a blast.

q: When's the baby due?
a: When it's circumcised

q: What did one bridge say to another?
a: "Fuck you" (They were arch enemies)

q: How does Tolkien make his bread?
a: With Frodough.

q: Where is the first baseball game in the Bible?
a: In the big inning. Eve stole first, Adam stole second. Cain struck out Abel. The Giants and the Angels were rained out.

q: Why is time wary of mathematicians?
a: They're always plotting against it. 

q: What is yellow and can't swim?
a: An excavator. And why? Because it only got one arm.

q: Why did Hitler break up with his girlfriend?
a: She was a nein out of ten

q: How did the chicken cross the freeway?
a: You take the 'F' out of free and the 'F' out of way. Hint: say everything out loud.

q: What do you call a Magician with a Parrot?
a: Pollygone

q: What do prime numbers and stoners have in common?
a: The higher they are, the more spaced out they get

q: Which part of a vegetable isn't edible?
a: His wheelchair.

q: Why does Lou Gramm wear glasses?
a: He has  .

q: What's the best blood type?
a: A+ because it's the highes you can get in a blood test.

q: What do you call an agreement with a dog on not eating sweets?
a: A treaty.

q: Who races the most?
a: The rasit!

q: Why do bald men cut holes in there pockets?
a: To run their hands through their hair

q: Why did the king have his landscaper hanged?
a: For planning high trees, son.

q: What did Woody say to Buzz?
a: A lot. There were 3 movies. 

q: Why is ketchup married to mustard?
a: Cause ketchup accidentally broke the condiment.

q: What do you call an asthmatic statue?
a: A wheezing angle.

q: What do you call a Sith Lord who lives in the woods?
a: Darth Deciduous

q: Whats the difference between Jack Daniels and John Wayne?
a: Jack Daniels is still killing American Indians

q: What's better than getting second place at the special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded

q: What's similiar between Pokmon and Jews?
a: Ash

q: What do you call Italian marijuana?
a: A pizza joint

q: How do you find a dirty cop?
a: Call 911, it doesn't matter who answers

q: Why is the oval office oval shaped?
a: Because the government cuts corners.

q: Why was 6 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 ate 9

q: What's the difference between you(anyone reading this) and a refrigerator?
a: The refrigerator does not fart when Joe pulls his meat out.

q: What bleeds once a month and has absolutely no sense of humor?
a: Me. I'm pretty clumsy so I get paper cuts pretty regularly.

q: Do you know why the Little Mermaid wore seashells?
a: Because she was too small for D shells. 

q: What does a pirate call three feet?
a: A YAAAARRRRGGGG!!  Oh look a door.

q: How do you feel when there's no coffee?
a: Depresso.

q: Whats the last thing you want to see when youre shagging the wife?
a: The husband.

q: After the extinction of every Ant on earth, what do we call Anteaters?
a: Hungry.

q: What's faster than a black man running with a tv?
a: His cousin with the DVD player

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Daisy. Daisy who?
a: Daisy me rollin. They hatin. Patrollin and tryna catch me ridin dirty. 

q: What does trump call the loose skin around a vagina?
a: A woman

q: What do you get when you mix a rhino with an elephant?
a: Eliphino

q: Why is Reddit such a great place for freedom of speech?
a: [deleted]

q: What do comedians do when they get tired of doing standup comedy?
a: Sitcoms

q: What do you call an Asian beheading?
a: Circumcision.

q: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
a: Ten-ticles!!!

q: What did Melania Trump have on her Black Friday shopping list?
a: A copy of everything Michelle Obama had on her list

q: What do you say to an ugly person?
a: Anything you like, what are they going to do about it?

q: What did Nala tell Simba after seeing a herd of women on Black Friday?
a: "You gotta Mufasa"

q: What part of America can't sell full sized soft drinks?
a: Minnesota.

q: Why can't the Transistor drink any more coffee?
a: Because it keeps Peein' n peein' 

q: How does water stay warm during the winter?
a: It wears an aqua-fur.

q: What did the Hulk say when he got trapped in a burning building?
a: Hulk ash!

q: What do you say to comfort the grammar nazi?
a: There, their, they're...

q: You know what the best part of having dyslexia is?
a: I have sex daily 

q: Dark: What's the difference between a jew and a black man?
a: The black man is black from the beginning.

q: How many different kinds of crabs can you get in Baltimore?
a: Two, and often from the same person.

q: Who is the greatest loser ever?
a: Martin. We all know Martin Luther King.

q: (overheard by old man during dinner). What do you call an American who does not like apple pie?
a: A Communist

q: What did the blonde's right leg say to her left leg?
a: Nothing.  They haven't met yet.

q: What do you call a dinosaur with explosive diarrhea?
a: A shitty-sore-ass.

q: What did Matthew McConaughey say about Steve Bannon's followers?
a: They're alt-right, alt-right, alt-right.

q: What is green and smells like red paint?
a: Green paint. Haha

q: Why are school shooters more likely to be white people?
a: White people actually go to school. Black people stay home and shoot people in their own neighborhood.

q: What does the Incredible Hulk bring to the Avenger's Thanksgiving meal?
a: Smashed potatoes. 

q: What do you call a female peacock?
a: A peacunt

q: What's the difference between a semicolon and a cat?
a: One has a pause at the end of it's clause, the other has claws at the end of it's paws.

q: What're tupacs favorite vegetables?
a: CucumBARS. 

q: What has arms but can't move them?
a: A small child paralyzed from the waist up.

q: You really think jobs don't racially discriminate?
a: Only 1 in 52 Fridays are black.

q: Is Aretha Franklin finished singing the national anthem?
a: I turned the TV off 4 hours into it and I'd really like to watch the start of the Lions game before I goto bed.

q: What do you call a Russian on a golf course?
a: Vladimir Puttin'

q: What is the difference between a poor marksman and a constipated owl?
a: One can shoot but can't hit and the other one can hoot but can't shit.

q: How can you tell the difference between a thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
a: The taste.

q: Who has the fastest brain in the world?
a: Steven Hawking with a brake failure!

q: What do you call a place where Mexicans go to the bathroom?
a: A deport-a-potty.

q: What do you call a group of rabbits walking backward?
a: A receding hareline.

q: What do you call a mix between holiday poultry and a ghoul?
a: A gobblin. I'll see myself out...

q: What kind of bagel can fly?
a: A plain bagel.

q: Why is Theresa May so against Porn?
a: When she clearly loves fucking a whole country at once with the world watching. 

q: What's The Donald's favourite keyboard shortcut?
a: Command Alt Right.

q: What sound does a space turkey make?
a: Hubble, hubble, hubble [shamelessly stolen joke from the Facebook page of "Grammarly"]

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with diarrhoea?
a: One shucks between fits...

q: Why was the Chinese Journey cover band a failure?
a: Their only hit was Don't Stop Bereaving.

q: What did the green grape say to the purple grape?
a: No, not "breathe, you idiot!". It said nothing. It just let out a little   grape juice

q: What is reddit?
a: A-social media

q: What would Israel be called if it was make believe?
a: Isfaek.

q: Why don't the Greeks, Slavs, and Armenians celebrate Thanksgiving?
a: Because they don't like Turkey

q: Ever wondered why toilet paper is so cheap in Mexico?
a: If so, chances are you haven't had Mexican food before. 

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a Porsche?
a: I've never been inside a Porsche. Nor do I have 12 Porsches in my garage. 

q: What kind of car does a rich baker drive?
a: A Rolls-Royce.

q: How do you get your girlfriend to go to the gym with you?
a: Tell her about how much better at sex her fit friends are! 

q: What did the witch say when her position was terminated?
a: You can't fire me! I snappopcrackleaaaaaargh!!!!

q: Why can't dyslexics tell jokes?
a: They always punch up the fuckline.

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with boobs?
a: One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean!

q: Hey girl, are you a sudden change in slope on an acceleration-time graph?
a: Because you're a jerk. 

q: How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts?
a: With a mop.

q: How do you make a rave party in Africa?
a: You stick a piece of bread on the ceiling.

q: Did you know that a person gets in a car accident every 10 seconds?
a: He's getting really fed up with it.

q: What would you call oranges if they were purple?
a: Purples

q: What song do turkeys sing on Thanksgiving Day?
a: God save the kin Happy Thanksgiving!

q: What's the difference between a stubbed toe and an Asgard hero?
a: Nothing they are both Thor.

q: What is the difference between a golfer and a sky-diver?
a: The golfer goes   "Shit!" The Sky-diver goes "Shit!" 

q: What do you rate Megan Fox out of 10?
a: Friend: 9 Me: 9? I'll give her one.. 

q: What is the hardest part of telling a good gay joke?
a: Keeping a straight face

q: Why is six afraid of nine?
a: Because nine ate seven

q: Why did the tree go to jail?
a: Treason

q: What do you call the queue to Alcatraz?
a: Alkaline

q: What's worse than having 10 babies nailed to a tree?
a: One baby nailed to 10 trees...

q: What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug dealer?
a: A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.

q: What do transsexuals run on?
a: Gender fluid.

q: What do bostonians call dogs that protect heaven's gates?
a: God dogs

q: What do you call a gay Jamaican?
a: A Pokmon.

q: What do you call collegiate perspiration?
a: Pitt Sweat

q: What do standup comedian prostitutes and whalers have in common?
a: Harpoon

q: Who do you see winning the presidency in 4 years?
a: I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.

q: What's the only part of a vegetable you can't eat?
a: The wheelchair...

q: What do Twitter users and lollipops have in common?
a: They're mostly Dum Dums. 

q: Orange you glad Hillary didn't get elected?
a: Trump is. 

q: What do the World Trade Center and genders have in common?
a: There used to be two of them, but now it's too offensive to talk about.

q: Which November holiday is a weed smoker's favorite?
a: Danksgiving.

q: What do you get when you cross a fancy car and a sweet potato?
a: A Yambourghini!

q: What kind of bee's make milk?
a: BOObees! 

q: France and Italy are in a battle against each other. Who wins?
a: Neither. France surrenders and Italy switches sides.

q: What does a thesaurus have for breakfast?
a: Synonym rolls. 

q: What is the name of Mark Zuckerbergs mother?
a: Motherzucker

q: What did the Easter egg say to the boiling water?
a: Gonna take a while to get me hard, I just got laid by a chick. 

q: What a pirates favorite letter of the alphabet?
a: None of them. Historians suggest that most pirates would have been illiterate. 

q: [Pickup Line] Are you a washing machine?
a: Because I want to put my dirty load in you

q: What do call a prehistoric hooker?
a: Vaginasaurass 

q: Ever seen a movie titled 'Constipation'?
a: No? That's because it hadn't come out yet.

q: Why did Obama serve two terms?
a: Because blacks always get a longer sentence 

q: Why is the Kremlin so much warmer this winter?
a: It had new windows Putin

q: Did you hear?
a: About the cannibal that dumped his girlfriend?...

q: What did Obama say to the Vice President before leaving the White House?
a: Bi  den! 

q: What did one Pop star say to the other?
a: Sia , Later!

q: What's the longest, hardest thing in a Republican's life?
a: Middle school. 

q: What's a black mailman called?
a: A blackmailer.  I'll show myself out :(.

q: What did the Japanese soda say to Papa John after he crashed his car?
a: I'm really sodie pop. 

q: If Apple made a car, what would it be lacking?
a: Windows

q: What Is Bluetooth ?
a: When your toothbrush stops working mid brushing

q: How do Japanese Chihuahuas say 'Hello'?
a: Konichihuahua

q: How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow.

q: Why are redditors bad stand-up comedians?
a: Because they'll just tell the crowd that the real joke's in the comments.

q: What do you call a neckbeard's disease?
a: A M'alady.

q: Why have we not seen any Vibrator comb combinations?
a: Blonds will split hairs over this. Imagine that.. vibrating hair. 

q: How do we know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her Head & Shoulders under the steering wheel!

q: What's it called if you re-evaluate your butt?
a: In hiney-sight.

q: You know what's a big ripoff?
a: Velcro

q: Has anyone heard of the new band called 512MB?
a: They haven't any gigs yet!

q: What does the janitor keep in the closet?
a: SUPPLIES!

q: How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Not sure, but that is definitely the smell of burning flesh. 

q: How do Germans tie their shoelaces?
a: In little knotsies....

q: What does donkey taste like?
a: I don't know, but I wanna try eating ass!

q: What do Disney and Kellogg's have in common?
a: They both make pop tarts.

q: Do you keep your phone in your back pocket?
a: Bummer, I was trying to give that booty a call... (   )

q: You hear the one about the kid in Las Vegas?
a: He asks his dad, "Pop, why can't I go out in the street and play football and baseball like the other kids?" And his father says, "Keep dealing."

q: What do Japanese people say after a Thanksgiving prayer?
a: Ra'men.

q: What is 6.9?
a: Sex interrupted with a period! 

q: Why do people at work always laugh at my jokes?
a: Because they're paid to.

q: what do you call chess players bragging in a hotel lobby?
a: chess nuts boasting in an open foyer

q: Is it wrong to hate a certain race?
a: I'm ok with a 5km but really don't like 10km.

q: What is sticky and quacks?
a: Duck tape!

q: What's the difference between a doctor and God?
a: God doesn't walk around thinking he's a doctor.

q: Why are Mafia members so good at sex?
a: Because they've always got a stiff in the trunk.

q: What breaks when you give it to a toddler?
a: Their hips.

q: What do you call a cow with five legs?
a: Rare.

q: What do you call a cow with three legs?
a: Tri-tip.

q: How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: She starts to fit into your wife's clothes.

q: What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast?
a: A synonym roll 

q: Why does Snoop Dog carry an umbrella?
a: For drizzle.

q: What do you feed a feminist at a cookout?
a: Trick question.  Nobody invites feminists to a cookout.

q: What do you get when you cross a blue eye and a brown eye?
a: Pink eye

q: Advices?
a: Hey guys so since couple of weeks I think that my girlfriend is cheating on me. So last night I followed her. She took a cab I took my car and followed her till the cab stopped in front of one nice house. I went beside my car and crouched. She went out and there was this sport dressed bastard which hugged her and they started to kiss... While crouching I saw oil leaking from my car. Do you think this is coming from the filter or from the engine? Thanks 

q: What do you call a snobbish criminal walking downstairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: What colour did Matthew McConaughey want his house to be painted?
a: All white, all white, all white.

q: What do you call someone who's been banned from the Playboy mansion?
a: Persona non grotto

q: What's the cheapest type of meat?
a: Deer balls,  They're under a buck!

q: What was Hitler so grumpy?
a: Maybe he wouldnt have been so grumpy if people hadnt left him hanging for high-fives all the time

q: Why don't Muslims support Harambe?
a: Because   it would 

q: What is the most effective way to remember your wifes birthday?
a: Forget it once.

q: Where did the hamburger meet the cheeseburger?
a: At the meat ball.

q: What happens to the short sighted guy who did circumcisions?
a: He got the sack

q: What did the SI7 Agent say to a piece of bread in a costume?
a: Heh, disguised toast. 

q: What do you get if you cross a soldier and a scientist?
a: A marine biologist.

q: Q: Should you have your whole family for Thanksgiving dinner?
a: A: No, you should just have the turkey!

q: What kind of music did the Pilgrims like?
a: Plymouth Rock

q: Why are topologists on a world of their own?
a: They think on a whole different dimension.

q: Why can't pirates play any card games?
a: Because someone's always on the deck!

q: Excuse me, can you tell me if my indicators are working?
a: "Yes, no, yes, no, yes..."

q: What did the turkey say to the motorist?
a: Buckle Buckle

q: What do you get when you mix human DNA with goat DNA?
a: Kicked out of the petting zoo.

q: Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl use a bathroom?
a: The p is silent.

q: What did Mario say about Toad?
a: "He's a fun guy."

q: What does milk and brothels have in common?
a: Whore-moans!

q: Teacher - What is the difference between 1 Gb and 2 Gb?
a: Student - Well, I don't know. I guess one is a bit too high?

q: What is Forrest Gump's email password?
a: 1forrest1

q: Why does no one like the number 4?
a: It's too square.

q: What is 18 inches long, pink, squishy, and makes women cry?
a: SIDS

q: Why did Neil Armstrong get to set foot on the moon before Buzz Aldrin?
a: They wrestled over it. Neil had the stronger arm.

q: Why does Peter Pan fly?
a: Because if someone hit your peter with a pan, you'd fly too!!

q: What do you call a cross between a donkey and an onion?
a: A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye

q: Why do black computers not work?
a: Its missing a fatherboard.

q: What do you call ants in your syrup?
a: Maple flakes From my well intentioned girlfriend

q: Have you heard about the new German Microwave?
a: I heard it can seat 10

q: Hey baby are you bread?
a: cuz i knead you

q: What did the kid with no hands get for Christmas?
a: Gloves. Just kidding he couldn't open it to find out 

q: How do you make a tissue dance?
a: Put a little boogie in it.

q: What's the good word?
a: Legs.  Spread the word.

q: What do me an Kanye West have in common?
a: When I rant as much as that people boo me too.

q: Why are they called hemorrhoids?
a: Because asteroids was already taken.

q: What do Alicia Keys, Katniss Everdeen, and Joan of Arc all have in common?
a: They're all girls on fire. 

q: Psst, hey Patrick, what's funnier than 24?
a: 15511210043330985984000000.

q: How did the Irishman get arthritis?
a: By craic-ing his knuckles.

q: What's the difference between the holocaust and a jolly-good fellow?
a: Nobody can   a jolly-good fellow!

q: What did the candle say to the flame?
a: You're getting on my wick.

q: A couple was traveling across Europe but had to stop abruptly at Finland's borders. Why?
a: Because it was the Finnish line.

q: Why do we drink apple juice?
a: Because OJ will kill you!

q: What do you get when you give your kids participation trophies?
a: The electoral college in 2016.

q: What's a rabbi's favorite type of bar?
a: It's sure as hell not a bar-mitzvah, those things are expensive.

q: Why is the physicist not worried about his weight?
a: Because m = AIt

q: What was the border patrol agent's greatest regret?
a: The Juan that got away. 

q: Why was Obama nervous when eating a T-bone aboard Air Force One?
a: Because the steaks had never been higher. 

q: How does a black women know if she's pregnant?
a: All the cotton on her tampon has been picked off.

q: How do you make holy water?
a: Boil the hell out of it.

q: Why did italy cross the road?
a: To switch sides

q: What did the fish say when it hit the wall?
a: Damn.

q: Why do you never play hide & seek with mountains?
a: Mountains peak.

q: Do you know on which side the jews fought in WWII?
a: The other side, of the fence

q: How do you find a blind guy at a nude beach?
a: It's not hard

q: What do you call the man with a lisp who drowned?
a: A philosopher. Cuz he's a deep thinker.

q: Why are Leprechauns always laughing?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls when they run EDIT: I don't know why I decided to post this..

q: What time is it when planes start dropping engines?
a: Shedding season

q: Why did the hipster chemist get burnt?
a: He touched the beaker before it was cool.

q: What Did One Eye Say To Another Eye?
a: Don't Look Now But Something Between Us Smells

q: What do you call it when you spin a candy cane?
a: a tournament

q: What do a call a blonde that dyes her hair brown?
a: Artificial Intelligence.

q: What do you call a sort-of cool vegetable?
a: A Radish

q: Where do lemons go to jail?
a: Lemonworth

q: How does John Marston take a shower?
a: 1st he gets nice and wet, then he dies of drowning

q: How do you fit 4 gays on a barstool?
a: Flip it over

q: How many Freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 2:  One to screw in the bulb, and one to hold the penis... LADDER, I MEAN LADDER!

q: How should a feudal lord deal with it when the serfs rise up?
a: Hang ten.

q: What's red, and bad for your teeth?
a: A brick.

q: How many "suh dudes" does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. It's already lit fam.

q: Why did the toilet paper stop crossing the road?
a: It got stuck in a crack.

q: What is the worst type of doctor you can be?
a: gynecologist - because in the hole that the whole world is looking for pleasure, he's looking for problems. 

q: Did you hear about that action movie about camping?
a: Every scene was really in tents.

q: Why do nerds go to Jewish weddings?
a: Because they break glasses and protect their pockets

q: Q: How did the redneck find his sister in the woods?
a: A: Pretty hot

q: Why Trump is the most religious president in United States history?
a: He got Every Juan praying!

q: How come Peter Pan keeps on flying?
a: Because he Neverlands

q: What rock group have four men that don't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore.

q: Why did the acid perform poorly?
a: Because it didn't concentrate.

q: What's the most popular soup in China?
a: Chicken poodle soup...I know, I know booooo

q: Why did the baker have brown hands?
a: He was kneading a poo.

q: What do you call a T-Bone steak without the T?
a: D-Bone steak

q: Why does everyone claim that Steve Bannon is such a crazy guy?
a: He seems alt-right!

q: Ever look in the fridge and be disappointed that all there is for supper is leftover pizza and beer?
a: Yeah, me neither...

q: What did the Cannibal get when he was late to dinner?
a: They gave him the cold shoulder.

q: How are the Twin Towers and Gender Similar?
a: There used to be two, now it's offensive to talk about.

q: How to keep a reader in suspense?
a: [removed]

q: What is the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
a: Hilter didn't make unoriginal jokes about finishing races.

q: What did the plant say to the vegan?
a: Leaf me alone.

q: Do you think you will have to wear diapers when you get older?
a: It depends

q: What kind of vegetable always helps you feel better?
a: Thera-peas

q: Ever had Ethiopian food?
a: Neither have they.

q: Why does Trump pay for stuff in exact change?
a: He doesnt like carrying around trump change.

q: Did you hear the one about the terrorist at the comedy club?
a: He bombed.

q: What does 1+1=?
a: Window.

q: What's a Mexican's favorite sport?
a: Cross Country.

q: Why is a river really rich?
a: Its got two banks.

q: What is the difference between your wife and your job?
a: Your job still sucks.

q: Why don't Victorian men ever talk about sex with their women?
a: They're very anal about it.

q: What is the hottest time of day?
a: 2:flirty

q: What does a mathematicion find in a forest?
a: A natural log.

q: what did the drummer say to the Chinese man that called him gay?
a: first i bang the drums then i bang ur mom

q: What did the the Knight say to the Comedian after the comedian made him laugh?
a: You slay me!

q: What did the person say when someone tried to cut off their toes?
a: I'm lactose intolerant.

q: What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast?
a: A Synonym Roll.

q: What did the terrorist Redditor say on the plane?
a: Wow, this blew up!

q: How many ears does Spock have?
a: The left ear, the right ear and the Final Front-ear.

q: What does it mean when a man makes eye contact with a woman while she speaks?
a: Her tits aren't nice

q: How do you make Holy Water?
a: You boil the hell out of it.

q: hi Why didnt Spock make a record of their voyage?
a: Because it was deep space . (the joke is how the outer space was very deep)

q: Why is it hard to watch two elephants boxing?
a: Because they've got the same color trunks.

q: What do you call a frog in the no parking zone?
a: Toad

q: How does Voldemort seal his mail?
a: With his Parceltongue. (...I'll see myself out)

q: How does a sea horse run?
a: Scallops!

q: What do you call a gay Dinosaur?
a: Megasaurass

q: How do you get 50 little old ladies to scream FUCK at the same time?
a: Have the 51st scream BINGO!

q: Why did Kanye say he would have voted for Donald Trump?
a: 808s & Taxbreaks

q: Did you hear about the clever nun who got tricked?
a: She was nun the wiser 

q: What do you call a flying Jew?
a: Smoke.

q: How's havin' a dick?
a: It comes in handy.

q: How is she pregnant?
a: I didn't come, she didn't come, baby come. How come? 

q: Why do Canadians say aboot?
a: Because there is too much snow to wear shoes.

q: What is the difference between a duck?
a: One of its legs is both the same.

q: What's Hitler's favorite board game?
a: Gas Who?

q: What is the best place to hide a dead body?
a: On the second page of google.

q: What does an helicopter and pants have in common?
a: They both moust go down in emergency.

q: What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
a: Roberto 

q: What did the egg say to the boiling water?
a: It might take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning. 

q: What's the fastest bird in the world?
a: The Somali chicken! 

q: Which of the twelve knights built King Arthur's round table?
a: Sir cumference

q: Have you ever been caught masterbating in a closet?
a: Them: No. You: It's a really good hiding spot isn't it.....

q: Is Google male or female?
a: Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion.

q: What did the gardener say to the rose?
a: Hello, bud.

q: Why does iron man have a vagina?
a: Because he's a Fe male

q: What makes the Jewish Monopoly game so much harder than the original?
a: Because the banker starts with all the money and never gives it away.

q: Why do Democrats push for more gun control?
a: Because they can't stop shooting themselves in the foot.

q: What did one boob say to the other?
a: You're my breast friend! Badum-Tits!

q: Which room in Donalds Trump's house has the thickest walls?
a: his-panic room.

q: What do you call a vegetarian with bad gas?
a: A leaf blower 

q: What kind of cologne applies itself?
a: Elon Musk

q: What do maimed people drink at 5PM?
a: An amputea

q: Did you hear that Sean Connery tried out speed-dating but he ended up making all his dates sick?
a: He was told it was a shingles club.

q: What is the best food to order from Amazon?
a: Prime Rib

q: Who here likes Olympic Frisbees?
a: Discus.

q: Did you hear about the crazy train that went on a killing spree?
a: Authorities believe it had a loco motive.

q: What Do You Call Bluetooth ?
a: When your toothbrush stops working mid toothbrushing

q: Why doesn't Ganondorf like going on the internet?
a: There are too many Links. 

q: What's the difference between a Marxist-Leninist-Maoist-Third Worldist and a Cthulhu worshipper?
a: One's in a cult, the other seeks to summon a terrible god to Earth and be eaten.

q: Hey, do you like tapes and CDs?
a: Because I'm going to tape my penis to your head so you can CDs nuts.

q: What's the best part about having sex with a 6 year-old?
a: Watching them break down on the witness stand.

q: What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair

q: How do you confuse a blind person?
a: Put them in a circular room and tell them to find the corner

q: Who does Matthew McConaughey say is the most dangerous group in America?
a: Alt-right, alt-right, alt-right

q: Whats the biggest difference between men and women?
a: The phrase I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film. is a good place to start.

q: What did the skeleton order at the restaurant?
a: Spare ribs.

q: What does Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
a: Their last greatest hits were "the wall".

q: What did one washed up Power Ranger say to the other?
a: It's Morphine Time!

q: What do Trump supporters do with their leaves every fall?
a: They rake them into big piles, put them into plastic yard bags, and then toss them over the Mexican border for being brown.

q: What's another term for cancer?
a: Making Internal Organs Great Again.

q: What did the Computer Engineer say?
a: What did the computer Engineer say when he saw his favorite drink? ICT

q: What came first? The chicken or the egg?
a: Humans' ability to classify living organisms.

q: How do you drown a hipster?
a: In the mainstream

q: What do you call it when a pickle masturbates?
a: Gherkin off

q: Why did the semen cross the road?
a: Because I wore the wrong socks today   

q: What do you call Bambi's friend dead on the road?
a: Thumpthumper

q: What do transgender cannibals call the blood of Christ?
a: Cross dressing.

q: What did Matthew McConaughey say after he got done voting for Trump?
a: Alt-right  alt-right  alt-right. 

q: What did the cow say to the other cow?
a: HOLY SH*T A TALKING COW!

q: What is a Mexican's favorite sport?
a: It used to be cross country but now it's rock climbing.

q: Why didn't the sun go to college?
a: It already had 10 thousand degrees. 

q: why did both ass-cheeks get fired from work?
a: One was always left behind causing the other to half-ass everything 

q: What's worse than your doctor telling you that you have gonorrhea?
a: Getting the news from your dentist

q: How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They'll just beat the room for being black

q: Why do sharks circle their prey?
a: "dad,  why do the sharks swim in circles like that before they eat someone?" "it makes them taste better, son." "taste better? How? " "it scares the shit out of them."

q: Why can't americans play LoL?
a: They can't guard their towers.

q: What's Justin Timberlake's favourite Microsoft Word alignment?
a: Justified. (NB Sincerely hoping that this is actually original)

q: Why are white prisoners scarier than black prisoners?
a: The white guy might actually be guilty.   (Stolen from a comment by  )

q: What is it called when two Vegans get into an argument?
a: A Beef

q: What's the worst thing to say to a friend you see on a plane?
a: Hi Jack!

q: Why won't you find any gondolas in the Eternal City?
a: Because Rome wasn't built in a bay.

q: Did You Know Lenin Had a Motorcycle?
a: Yeah! He had a 4-stroke!

q: You know what sucks?
a: Vacuums 

q: How well do people with mesothelioma breathe?
a: Asbestos they can. 

q: What's the difference between a final exam and an orgy?
a: In an orgy, you fuck and then get tested. In a final exam, you get tested and then you're fucked.

q: What do you call four Mexicans working in a restroom?
a: Cuatro Sinko 

q: Did you hear about the linguist who worked shifts as a waiter?
a: He was always declining cards

q: What do you call a slav tree?
a: A Dimitree.

q: Why is the Vagina like the weather?
a: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside!

q: Why did the chicken run out into traffic?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Flight Attendant: Would you like some headphones?
a: Man: Yes, and how did you know my name was Phones?

q: Why did the emo kid leave the bar?
a: It was happy hour.

q: What even is Atheism?
a: A non-prophet organization.

q: Why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything?
a: He was kinda flakey 

q: What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear?
a: White Vans.

q: What kind of shoes do thieves wear?
a: Sneakers.

q: How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer?
a: How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer? When there's white-out all over the screen

q: Why can't you breathe near a destroyed vehicle?
a: Because the air is full of car-bone. 

q: What is the favourite food of a pedophile?
a: Babycorn

q: Why do neurologists think they're God?
a: Because they can turn any animal into a vegetable!

q: Did you hear about the new "Morning After Pill" for men?
a: It changes your blood type.

q: What's the best part of living in Alabama?
a: You don't live in Mississippi.

q: How many buddhists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, they enlighten themselves.

q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?
a: I have no ideer.

q: What do you call a grandma that know martial arts?
a: A grandmartial artist.  I apologise for any lost brain cells. 

q: Why couldn't the physicist get his paper published?
a: It was a work of friction.

q: Whats long and hard and has cum in it?
a: A cucumber.

q: What do you call baby Shih Tzus?
a: Poopies.

q: Have you tried Yoda Soda?
a: It's tough to drink, but will go down with a bit of force.

q: What is a cat's favorite car?
a: A Cat-illac

q: Why did the thesaurus have a creeping feeling?
a: He had an antonym.

q: Why does the hobo only drink coffee?
a: Because he has no proper tea! Hehehhehahahahhhehveahhs

q: Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
a: Getting past the wheelchair.

q: What did Monica say to Hillary before Election Day?
a: Don't blow it 

q: How do you get a baby in and out of a small bowl?
a: Use a blender to get it in, use tortilla chips to get it out!

q: How are girls and jokes alike?
a: They both tend to suck more the more strung-out they get.

q: Why couldn't Sean Connery help fight for civil rights?
a: No one else wanted to be in a "shit in"

q: Did you hear about the new documentary on George Washington Carver?
a: It's called "Nothin' Like A Good Nut!"

q: Want to hear a quality joke about knives?
a: On second thought, I can't tell it. It's too edgy

q: What's the difference between a horny girl and a hungry girl?
a: Where she puts the cucumber..

q: What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer?
a: They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.

q: What do Hillary and Monica have in common?
a: They both blew it.

q: How do you pick up my ex girlfriend?
a: With a broom and a dustpan.

q: What do mummies like to listen to on Halloween?
a: Wrap music

q: Why can't ants get sick?
a: Because they have little anty-bodies.

q: Why is picture of Jesus better than Jesus himself?
a: You only need one nail to hang up the picture.

q: Is it solipsistic in here?
a: Or is it just me?

q: What did the Hanzo main say to his salty team?
a: Nothing, he isn't even in voice chat

q: What do you call two mexicans playing basketball against eachother?
a: Juan v Juan

q: What did Darth Vader do when his iTunes stopped responding?
a: He force quit. 

q: Do you like Chemistry Jokes?
a: NaHBrO  Man I was hoping that would get a good reaction ONaNA, what's my name? HeHe, that joke was terrible.

q: What's Hitler's favorite drink?
a: Genocider

q: How does Trumpler explain taking power despite being rejected by over a million votes?
a: "It's like with a woman - No means Yes."

q: Why is it better for a black man to be Jewish rather than Christian?
a: Because it doesn't make a whole lot of difference if you're sitting at the back of the oven.   Edit: Grammar

q: What do cannibals call shin meat?
a: Below knee

q: Did you hear about the woman who got those wooden breast implants?
a: It would make for a good punchline, wooden tit?

q: What runs on walls and kills Jews?
a: Gas pipes.

q: How do you tell when the Chinese move to town?
a: When the Mexicans get car insurance.

q: Hey man, are you not enjoying your trip to Europe? Are you have trouble with the people there?
a: Nah, it's just this one euro peein' that's getting me down...

q: You know what really grinds my gears?
a: When I shift into third without using the clutch. 

q: What's the best part about having sex with a transvestite?
a: Reaching around the front and pretending your dick went all the way through.

q: Why don't cannibals eat Irish men?
a: Last one they threw into the cooking pot ate all of the potatoes.

q: What's the most difficult percussion instrument to learn?
a: Conundrums! 

q: Where do mattresses and showers go when they die?
a: Bed Bath and the Great Beyond

q: Why does Donald Trump want classical music at his inauguration?
a: He wants to grab them by Debussy.

q: What happened when the Samsung Note 7 was launched?
a: It was an explosive success

q: What did the Psychiatrist say to the man who walked in wearing nothing but plastic wrap?
a: I can clearly see ur nuts.

q: Why didn't Wilma let Fred in when he was banging at the door?
a: Because she was in the shower and didn't hear him because the elephant stump was on full blast.

q: What does an inexperienced public speaker and a pizza place with high workers have in common?
a: They both have problems with delivery.

q: What's Donald Trump's favorite instrument?
a: The trumpet...

q: What did Obama say in Trump's ear when he handed over the Oval Office?
a: Biden...

q: What did Caesar say when he went to the whorehouse?
a: Veni Vidi Veni

q: Why did ISIS leader bring a car-door to the desert?
a: -So he could roll down the window when it gets too hot. How we joke in Kurdistan 

q: Why did Donald Duck break up with Daisy Duck?
a: Turns out she was a quack whore.

q: What's the difference between a Swedish jam band and slam dunking a baby?
a: One's a Swedish Phish and the other's a fetus swish

q: Why don't people like gay porn actors?
a: They're fucking assholes. 

q: How does the optimistic doctor greet his patients?
a: Hello, what a day. How are you feeling today? What does the serial killer doctor say?  Hello, what a day! How are you feeling today?

q: If Hilary and Trump were stuck on a desert island, who would survive?
a: America.

q: Why does Michelle Obama wear heels?
a: So her knuckles don't drag.

q: What did the broke zombie amusement park say to the wealthy vampire golf course?
a: I just need to get fundead.

q: Why weren't there any famous gun slingers in the Canadian West?
a: Because they all wore mittens.

q: What do call a gigolo from Idaho?
a: A spud muffin.

q: How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One? Or two?

q: What do you call a deep thinking pastry chef?
a: A filosopher. 

q: Why does Hillary Clinton have two Ls in her first name?
a: 1 for 2008, 1 for 2016

q: What "locker-room" comment did Donald Trump's Communist twin make?
a: You must seize her by her means of reproduction! 

q: How can you tell you have a really bad case of acne?
a: It is when the blind try to read your face

q: Why was #6 afraid of #7?
a: c.f.   #789

q: What kind of beer was Dr. Stephen Strange serving?
a: It was his own Strange Brew.  You would be Moranic not to like it.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a fridge?
a: A fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.

q: What do you call a group of chickens walking down the road?
a: A rolling cock-block

q: What's black and sits at the top of the stairs?
a: Stephen Hawkings after a house fire.  

q: How do you get Jizz off of a Scrabble board?
a: Don't bother. That shit's worth 29 points. 

q: What's worse than being a 4 foot 1 inch man?
a: Those were two separate measurements.

q: What do you call seagulls during mating season?
a: #relationshipgulls

q: What did the cannibal do to the people he didn't like?
a: He drowned them in the morning.

q: What's a terrorist's favorite type of game?
a: An RPG

q: Every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings. But what happens when a Foghorn blows?
a: I say-I say, you get cum in your mouth

q: How do you know when you have a good redneck girlfriend?
a: If she can give you oral with a dip in and know which to swallow and which to spit.

q: What do you call the pope after a drive by?
a: "Your holiness"

q: What do you call Liberals rioting and destroying shit?
a: Fucking hypocrites!

q: Survey gone wrong.. or right??
a: On a survey for 'which conditioner you use?' 99% of the womens said 'aaahhhhhh.....get out of my shower!!!!'

q: How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: Hey, you know how geese migrate in a V shape?
a: Sometimes one side of the V is longer than the other - do you know why? -"No, why's that? " -More geese.

q: What do you call it when a Physics Teacher throws a bar of chocolate at you?
a: Brownian Motion

q: How do you make fireman cry?
a: Kill his family.

q: What do you call a farmer in the army?
a: E.I. G.I Joe.

q: What is musician's favourite furniture?
a: Sofa.

q: What nationality is not quite one?
a: Swedish

q: What shape is produced when you knock over a 60s actress?
a: a Tippihedron

q: How long does it take for a white women to take a shit?
a: 9 months

q: What do you call a joke that gets posted over and over again on reddit?
a: Al-redi-reddi-tt.

q: Why do birds fly to the tropics in winter?
a: Why, wouldn't the winter be over by the time they reach, if they walk all the way along? So they fly.

q: Religion vs science?
a: Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings 

q: What's a weaboos favorite state?
a: Ohio.

q: How many children does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: I don't need a lightbulb when I have the furnace ready.

q: What do you call all the money billionaire Donald spent on the election?
a: Trump change

q: Did you hear about the nun who fell over every day when putting her clothes on?
a: They say it was force of habit.

q: What was Osama Bin Laden's favorite drink?
a: A double Manhattan on the rocks.

q: What's the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
a: Jack Daniels is still killing Indians.

q: What meme do Uber drivers hate?
a: Do you even Lyft, bro?

q: What's the difference between my job and my boss's daughter?
a: I'm not coming into work today

q: What do you call a president who interrupts people?
a: Donald Tr- WRONG!

q: Did you hear about the two gay truckers?
a: They exchanged loads 

q: Why can't clocks keep secrets?
a: Because, time will always tell.

q: What did Lloyd Banks say to 50 Cent after he got him a sweater for Christmas?
a: Gee, u knit?

q: Why didn't the table want to be sat on?
a: He wasn't a charitable guy

q: Where does every craps player want to go when they die?
a: Paradise.

q: How do you know when a hippy chick is on the rag?
a: She's only wearing one sock.

q: Why did the man go to the doctor after taking his friend to work?
a: He had carpool tunnel

q: What do maids in Manhattan use to clean their kitchens?
a: J-lo Cloths

q: Why is the sea salty?
a: Because the land does not wave back. 

q: What do you get when you cross a canyon with a horse?
a: I don't know nobody has ever made it across.

q: Have you ever heard the one about the brown nosed duck?
a: He was just as fast as the others in the flock, but he couldn't stop.

q: What are the Muppet's views on the paranormal?
a: "It's a phenomena (do doo do doodoo)"

q: Why was Hillary Clinton running for President?
a: Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.

q: Why can't orphans play baseball?
a: They don't know where home is. 

q: What's a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math course?
a: Triggernometry.

q: Who wins in a fight?
a: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Does Donald Trump get the media? No. He still wins. When reading thing about the SNL skit, about Chicago super fans and Mike Ditka

q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
a: Because chickens didn't exist yet.

q: Why do baby boomers like fracking so much?
a: Because figuratively breaking the country apart isn't enough. 

q: Why was the leper hockey game cancelled?
a: There was a face off in the corner

q: What was tina turners pet name for Ike?
a: Beats me

q: Why did the Mexican throw his wife over the cliff?
a: Tequila

q: What's a rebel's favorite key on a keyboard?
a: An R key.

q: What's the difference between a tv remote and a newborn?
a: You can't play football with the remote.

q: Dad : Did you hear about the kidnapping at school ?
a: Son : No, what happened ? Dad : It is ok he woke up.

q: Did you hear the latest pickup line at the gay bar?
a: Excuse me, can I push in your stool?

q: Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
a: A: Conservation of momentum.

q: Why does Trump like Pink Floyd?
a: Because they made The Wall.

q: How was Rome split in half?
a: With a pair of Caesars...

q: How can you tell that the hippie kid got laid?
a: Two clean fingers.

q: Have you heard the rope joke?
a: Skip it.

q: When is a door not a door?
a: When its ajar

q: What does a stripper eat for thanksgiving dinner?
a: Twerky

q: What does a paint brush eat for dinner?
a: Bristoles!

q: Why didn't the Terminator upgrade to Windows 10?
a: I asked him and he said, "I still love Vista baby".

q: Why did the salmon cross the road?
a: To get to the front page

q: Why did the worker on the egg farm get fired from his job?
a: Because he had a crack addiction.

q: What did the monitor say when it got punched?
a: "Ouch, that Hertz!"

q: What is the biggest similarity between the average Redditor and a lumberjack?
a: They both sleep all night and whack all day!

q: Canadians think their safe?
a: We're coming for you next...Snow Mexicans.  -America 

q: Why would feminists make great cops?
a: They're never trigger happy.

q: What's the cheapest concert you can go to?
a: 50 cent feat. Nickelback. 

q: What did the plate say to the fork?
a: Don't worry, the dinner's on me.

q: Why do cats and dogs lick their own genitals?
a: Because they can reach.

q: Why was Donald Trump friendly to the chinese people?
a: He wanted advice on how a wall is built and how it works.

q: Did you hear about the gay Russian knight?
a: His name was Sergei.

q: What's the Spanish equivalent of the devil's lettuce ?
a: El Diablow

q: Know what Trump and Nemo have in common?
a: They both have small hands/fins and aren't afraid of touching the butt or grabbing something else for that matter  (   )

q: What will be served at Trump's inagural dinner?
a: Crackers.

q: Wanna hear a joke?
a: Ewe. Sorry, that was baaaaad.

q: What do you get when a dyslexic tries to make a gif?
a: Peanut Butter.

q: Why did Trump choose Pence?
a: Because he can't give two cents 

q: What's the difference between snowman and snow woman?
a: Snowballs.

q: Why aren't there any homosexual scholars?
a: Because they can't think straight.

q: How do you educate a prostitute?
a: You Hooker on Phonics ;)

q: What do you call an average Mexican?
a: Nacho average guy

q: Why did Obama take all the pencils and pens when he left?
a: Cuz he knew Trump would bring his own Pence

q: What did the Miss Teen USA contestant say to Donald Trump?
a: Are you grabbing it yet??

q: How do you know your girlfriend is too young?
a: She only puckers up for her pacifier. 

q: Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon?
a: I hear the food is good but there's no atmosphere. 

q: Why was Doughman the only hero to rise up and help?
a: because he was kneaded.

q: How many bites out of the new iPhone did Tim Cook take?
a: 16, 32, 64, and 128

q: What kind of a person wins US president election?
a: The one that has a Trump up his sleeve

q: What do you call all of Trump's failed businesses arranged in a circle?
a: Orange

q: What's the worse thing to hear during a prostate exam?
a: A zip. 

q: Did you hear about the guy who went to jail for stealing hot air?
a: They call him the air con.

q: What did one wall say to the other?
a: I'll meet you at the corner!

q: How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two, how did they get in there anyway?

q: Why is the vice president always so self-obsessed?
a: Because he lives at the navel observatory

q: How do you make a hormone?
a: Don't pay her. 

q: How are martinis like breasts?
a: They are better shaken, not stirred.  I usually have one in my hand.  One is too few and three are two many. 

q: A girl goes to a monster mash, and starts dancing with a werewolf. What does he say?
a: "Girl, I'm lycan your style."

q: Why did Obama leave after 8 years?
a: Because no black guy stays to see his kid grow up.  Be gentle with me, it's my first time.

q: What's the phone number of Clucking Bell?
a: 99 6dip74545cheese

q: What did Hillary say when she bumped into Barack Obama at the White House?
a: Pardon me.

q: What's Hitler's favorite Pokemon?
a: Nein-Tales.

q: Why did the dentist vote for Trump?
a: He likes to keep things white and straight.

q: What does Pittsburgh have in common with Peter Pan?
a: The Pirates always lose.

q: What do you call a dad joke in Jamaica?
a: Dreadful.

q: How does Harry Potter like his sandwiches to be cut ?
a: Diagon alley

q: Why do Canadians not pay attention to their local wildlife?
a: Because there's nothing to care-aboot. (caribou)

q: What is the difference between a fat comedian and a thin one?
a: The thin comedian does stand up comedy While the fat comedian does sit down comedy  BADUMTSS

q: What did the elephant say to the naked man?
a: How can you breath through that thing.

q: Did you hear Vladimir Putin made a travel sized Russia?
a: It is the perfect country to Putin your pocket.

q: Did you hear about that non-cringy Minecraft lets play?
a: Me neither 

q: Why do women live longer than men?
a: Shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying the bill does!

q: What do you call someone who promises change but ends up burning millions of undesirables?
a: Sean Murray and PS4 users 

q: What's the only difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball?
a: If I want to fill all 3 of the prostitute's holes, it's extra.

q: What did Mohammed Atta say to Larry Silverstein after the long flight?
a: Yo can I crash at your place? 

q: Why Newton laws were not from Asian countries?
a: Because they have durian...

q: What's Brian David Mitchell's favorite movie?
a: Get Smart

q: Why is Donald Trump so excited about winning the election?
a: His mail order bride has to stay with him now. 

q: Why do pro gamers get up at 1:37pm?
a: Because it's 13:37! I came up with this last night and have been waiting to post it until 1:37pm my time.

q: What's the difference between an orphanage and a beach ball?
a: You won't go to prison for blowing up a beach ball.

q: What borders stupidity?
a: Canada and Mexico.

q: What did the threatened abortion say to the doctor?
a: I ain't still born yet! 

q: What movie does Hillary watch when she's in a bad mood?
a: Kill Bill

q: How do you get over Trump's wall?
a: With the help of a Trumpoline.

q: What do Hillary and Bill have in common?
a: Both got screwed out of office

q: can a women make you a millionaire?
a: yes,if you are a billionaire! 

q: What two things look exactly the opposite but mean exactly the same?
a: 9/11 and 11/9 - darkest days in American history

q: How do you organize a space party?
a: You planet.

q: Why did the bus driver drop his coffee?
a: Because he hit a bump in the road. What was the bump in the road? Little Timmy. 

q: What's the difference between Barbie and Street Fighter?
a: In Barbie, Ken doesn't beat the hell out of women.

q: Why did the sperm cross the road?
a: I put on the wrong socks this morning.

q: What is it called when a gamer fights someone?
a: An Asthma attack.

q: How can you tell when a Canadian is successful?
a: He dies in his LA home at 82.

q: Why are cows lazy and fat?
a: Because they don't like to mooooooooooooove.

q: Mom: Why don't you talk to John anymore, you used to be best friends?
a: Son: Well, would you be friends with someone who was stupid, took drugs and was drunk all the time? Mom: No, Never! Son: Well neither would he!

q: what do you call a funny Muslim?
a: Muhahahammed

q: What do you get when you cross a chili pepper, a shovel, and a dachshund?
a: A hot diggity dog.

q: Darth Vader: What is the temperature of my son's lightsaber?
a: Lukewarm.

q: Why did Obama take all the pens when he left the White House?
a: Because trumps bringing his own pence.

q: What do you call a female roach with a weiner?
a: A transpestite.

q: What do Star Wars and the United Kingdom have in common?
a: They both abandoned the EU

q: Why was the sick eagle in prison?
a: Because she was illegal. 

q: How will Donald Trump create 25 millions jobs?
a: By having 25 million people move to Canada.

q: How did the Trump supporter find his sister in the woods?
a: Not bad.

q: Did you hear who just took on the biggest gentrification project in America?
a: Donald J. Trump.

q: How do you stop all the protests and riots?
a: Play the national anthem. They'll all sit down

q: What kind of couch do gay people buy?
a: Homo-Sectionals

q: What do you call a promise you can't keep?
a: A campaign promise.

q: What do you call a doctor for websites?
a: A URLologist

q: What is Harry potters favorite way to get down a hill?
a: Walking....J.K . Rowling

q: How do you give a time-out to a Mexican child?
a: Have him stand against a wall.

q: What's worse than finding out that your wife has cancer?
a: Finding out it's curable.

q: How many blood hungry vampires does it take to dress a wound?
a: The answer's irrelevant as they all suck at it anyway.

q: Whats the difference between God and Donald Trump?
a: God doesn't think he is Donald Trump.

q: If Hillary and Donald Trump are on a boat together and it crashes, who survives?
a: America.

q: You think your game lag is bad?
a: it took Jesus   to respawn. 

q: What is the difference between sex and the American elections?
a: Choosing between a cunt and an asshole is fun for sex.

q: If the US elections were a series, what would be the title of it's latest season finale?
a: Orange is the new black. 

q: What's the difference between a snowman on the toilet and O'Shea Jackson on the toilet?
a: One is shitting ice cubes and the other is Ice Cube shitting.

q: Why do warriors make bad business men ?
a: They charge too much !

q: what tools to math teachers use?
a: multi .

q: What did Donald Trump say to Obama at the White House?
a: You're fired!

q: How many back to the future jokes do you make?
a: 88 jokes per hour.

q: What do you get when you combine an Oompa-Loompa and hair bleach?
a: Donald trump.

q: What's Trumps favorite fish?
a: The Wall-eye.

q: What is a nazi's favourite food?
a: Luftwaffles 

q: Why do all anti-Trump protesters wear glasses?
a: Because they're short-sighted.

q: Which DJ rules the country?
a: DJ Trump.

q: Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
a: Whatever it is, its heading straight for the World Trade Center.

q: What do you call an empty harbour?
a: An Air-port

q: Guys, can we please stop making jokes about Donald Trump?
a: Otherwise, we'll all have hell toupee.

q: Why don't skeletons go to the Veterans Day parade?
a: Because they don't have anybody to go with.

q: How was the election rigged?
a: Through the Electoral College.

q: What do you call a Hindu god playing basketball?
a: Swishnu

q: What's white on the outside, black on the inside and soon to be orange all over?
a: 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.

q: What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
a: A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.

q: Where all my mustang drivers at?????
a: Last I heard, they're all headed to Portland 

q: What does the octopus order at the local Mexican restaurant?
a: Ten tacos

q: What did the redneck say to his ex?
a: "Can we still be cousins?"

q: What's your opinion on birds?
a: Well, they're pretty fly if you ask me. 

q: The first thing that comes to mind when someone mentions Melania Trump?
a: Absolute Filf!

q: Did you hear about the failed mission to Antarctica?
a: Their journey went south.

q: What's a Northern lass say after having an orgasm?
a: "Ta, lads."

q: What's a cat's favorite vegetable?
a: Asparaghiss!

q: You know why paedophiles don't play Skyrim?
a: No lollygagging.

q: What do you call when a joke becomes serious?
a: TRUMP

q: What did the headlines read after the midget fortune-teller escaped from jail?
a: Small medium at large.

q: What do you call a joke that is based on a misunderstanding?
a: Ironic

q: Politics What did Trump do when he heard that he was elected President?
a: He patted his hair and said "See America now that you are the Presidential Hair you are the great again."

q: What does Melania Trump say to her speech writer?
a: Thanks, Michelle! 

q: What walks on two legs, but can't move forward?
a: Americans who voted for Hillary 

q: What would Mario's name be if he was born in Canada?
a: Sorry-o  And his brother: Luig-eh?

q: What are a pirate's least favorite letters?
a: D, M, C, and A.

q: What to you call someone with no torso who can't smell?
a: Nobody knows.

q: Q: How do you cure a headache?
a: A: Put your head through a window and the pane will just disappear!

q: What joke never gets old?
a: Besides that's what she said and yo mama.

q: Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards?
a: A: Because he was sitting on the deck !

q: Why does Trump support Asians?
a: Cuz they know how to make a great wall

q: Why does Michael Phelps make a good boyfriend?
a: He is a good breast-stroker. 

q: Baby, are you today's date?
a: Because you're 11/10.

q: Where was the first chicken fried?
a: In Greece.  

q: Forget Trump, want to hear a rapist joke?
a: American evangelicals At least the 80% majority of them.

q: So you southerners got ya a new president eh?
a: Seems like the tables have turned.

q: What are sardines?
a: A little fish that smells like fingers. 

q: Why can't Brock Turner go to jail?
a: Because with swim times like his, he might be president some day.

q: What did the guy who was in to beasteality say as he walked in to the ASPCA?
a: "So much pussy!"

q: What did the gamer wife told his gamer husband after they got divorced?
a: Good support in-game, bad in giving child support. gg no re

q: What's the difference between a Pakistani wedding party and an Al-Qaeda training camp?
a: Dunno, I just fly the drone.

q: What is bordering stupidity?
a: Canada and Mexico both are.

q: What's the opposite of Christopher Walken?
a: Christopher Reeve...

q: How are America and McDonald's similar?
a: They are both run by red-headed clowns.

q: what did the trash can say to the paper recycling bin?
a: 'you're just white trash'

q: How did Portland, Oregon protest Trump's wall?
a: They blocked streets with a human wall

q: How does a train eat?
a: It goes chew chew.

q: What did the girlfriend, say to her boyfriend, when he showed up for sushi?
a: Wha suh b?

q: If a red panda is caught stealing, what do you call it?
a: It was caught Red Panded

q: What is the name of the event in which Hillary supporters move out of the US?
a: A start.

q: Why was Wycleff Jean on L&O this week?
a: He only promised to be gone until November

q: What would Hitler call an educational program for young Germans?
a: Little meinsteins.

q: Why did the dyslexic fisherman go on a Paleo diet?
a: Because he was low crab of course.

q: How did the U. S. elect an Orange as president?
a: Gerrymandarin.

q: Did you hear about the teacher who was always cross eyed?
a: She struggled to control her pupils.  

q: How do conspiracy theorists like their lovers?
a: Illumi-naughty

q: Why don't Black people hijack airplanes?
a: They'll have no one to sell it to.

q: What's the difference between Hillary's staff and Bill's staff?
a: Bill's staff waited until after the election to suck.

q: Why do fish have such bad manners?
a: It's because of all the crude oil they keep ingesting.

q: How do you stop your water from running?
a: Stop paying the bill. 

q: Why did Trump have to legally change his first name to Donad?
a: Because Hillary took the L.

q: What does Boehner say to his wife when he has a huge boner?
a: I have a huge boner.  Get it boehner, boner? hahaha fuck man I should do a comedy special.

q: You know that movie 2012?
a: I think it was off by 4 years. 

q: Why did President Obama get two terms?
a: Because every black man gets a longer sentence 

q: What does the result of this election and Netflix have in common?
a: Orange is the new Black

q: Where is Wall Street?
a: Between Mexico and the US. 

q: What kind of dog doesnt bark?
a: A hot dog

q: Why were Democrats in the lead early on?
a: Republicans weren't off of work yet.

q: What do you call somebody who voted for Hillary Clinton?
a: A loser

q: What's the best way to make friends?
a: tell a woman you love her and she says "i think we're just friends..."

q: Why are everyone so surprised with the US election?
a: I mean, what did you expect from those savages that still use the Imperial System and eat pure deep fried butter?

q: What do you call a lineup at a Vietnamese restaurant?
a: A Pho queue

q: Who was the first resident of Massachusetts?
a: One achusetts.

q: What instrument did the Republican Party play after the US Election?
a: The trumpet.

q: Why is it worse this time around?
a: Thermal cameras mean I can't save anyone by hiding them in my roof.

q: Where do English prime-ministers take their kids on vacation?
a: Lourdes. Mother Theresa always goes there. 

q: Why will Trump never be assassinated?
a: Because all the white people are already supporting him

q: What's the difference between Trudeau and Trump?
a: Trudeau likes to stokes pussies where as Trump likes to grab em

q: HEY REPUBLICANS!!!! I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE, BUT WHAT AM I?!?!?
a: I'm a liberal democrat representing 32 recently deceased voters in Michigan. /s\

q: Want to hear a joke about the election?
a: Nothing, it's already a joke.

q: Have you tried Ethiopian food?
a: neither have they

q: what did the sperm bank owner say to the tired worker overfilling the truck with samples?
a: take a load off

q: Did you hear about the unluckiest man in the world?
a: He went to DFS and they're wasn't a sale on.

q: What's an Allepo?
a: A big ol' Allepper

q: Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
a: Because they're so good at it.

q: Why can't Pepe vote?
a: Because that would be 

q: Is your refridgerator running?
a: Because I would rather fucking vote for it than these candidates

q: You know who I'm voting for?
a: Regina George, because she got hit by that bus.

q: Hey girl are you the news?
a: Cuz i wanna get roiiggghhhtttt into you.

q: Whats the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
a: You can unscrew a lightbulb.

q: Why do black people have darker skin than other people?
a: Because, similar to leaves fallen from a tree, black people are dead inside.

q: What did the cremated Buddha who was placed in a cardboard box say?
a: 'I'm in light urn.'

q: What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?
a: You can't hear an enzyme.

q: Where do gay skeletons party?
a: At No-Pulse Nightclub.

q: What do a tornado and a divorce in the South have in common?
a: Someone is losing their trailer..

q: Why was the programmer unhappy at his job?
a: He wanted arrays.  It had to be reiterated several times before it was sorted out.

q: What's the difference between Terri Schiavo and donald trump?
a: One of them is a racist carrot

q: What do women and the stock market have in common?
a: If you don't pull out in time, it will cost you a lot of money.  My boss said he made this up on the spot yesterday. Never heard it before so I figured I'd post it. 

q: What do you call it when the girl you like likes you back?
a: Imagination

q: Why did seven kill six?
a: It seems odd but it wanted to get even.

q: What did the cannibal say when he was full?
a: I couldn't eat another mortal.

q: What's blue and not very heavy?
a: Light blue.

q: What's the difference between a whore and a truck?
a: The truck can only take the load from behind where as the whore can take it from anywhere.

q: Can't you just feel the excitement in the air?!!?
a: Only one more day left until the start of the 2020 Presidential Election Season!!

q: Women who are short are called "petite." What are short men called?
a: Friends. 

q: Why did the old man get kicked off the nudist colony's golf course?
a: He kept leaving ball marks on the greens.

q: What's the difference between a procrastinator and a prognosticator?
a: Well, I haven't come up with the punchline yet, but you can probably see where I'm going with it.

q: What's a feminist's favorite school subject?
a: trigonometry. (trigger-ometry)

q: Why do women talk so much?
a: Because they have 4 lips.

q: Who is going to win tonight's presidential election?
a: The Voyager Probe, speeding away from Earth at 38,000 mph.

q: If Trump was in the music industry; what profession would he be?
a: DJ Trump! Donald John Trump

q: How do most vegans die?
a: Malnutrition.

q: Why is Stephen Hawking successful?
a: He can't run away from his responsibilities. 

q: Did you hear about the Polish Admiral who wanted to be buried at sea when he died?
a: Five sailors died digging his grave.

q: What is a southern aristocratic families favourite dance move?
a: The whip

q: What's the best machine at the gym?
a: The vending machine.

q: Why did 10 go missing?
a: Because 9/11.

q: What's the use of happiness?
a: It can't buy you money.

q: Why was the mole afraid of his own shadow?
a: Because he thought it was another mole, due to his poor eyesight.

q: What's Mario's favorite song?
a: It's a small world after all.

q: Everyone ready for the election?
a: I'm still looking for the right bridge, any suggestions?

q: How do Rabbis make money?
a: They keep the tips.

q: How did Donald Trump lose $916 million?
a: Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.

q: What do nutrition labels and tumblr have in common?
a: They're both full of trans fats

q: You think you can escape Stalin's prison camps?
a: Hah, gulag with that.

q: What did the Astronomy major say to his girlfriend?
a: Europ'en Uranus and get ready for my Ursa Major directed towards your Bootes.

q: Why don't they have any casinos in South Africa?
a: Because there's too many cheetahs!

q: Where do Cannibals like to hang out?
a: At the "meet and eat"

q: How do neurons communicate?
a: Cell phones

q: What should you do when freedom calls?
a: Let it ring.

q: How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just Juan 

q: Do you know why Stevie Wonder can't see his friends?
a: He got married. 

q: What shouldn't you make for dinner after your husband comes home from the Trump rally?
a: Tacos

q: What do Romeo and Juliet have in common with melons?
a: They both cantaloupe.

q: Hey girl, are you a compressed file?
a: 'cause I wanna unzip you and open you up.

q: How many bronze players do you need to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They can't climb the ladder. 

q: What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair. 

q: What's Donald Trumps favorite color?
a: Orange

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite nation?
a: Discrimination

q: Why do you think that God hates fags rather than figs?
a: Oh, I got confused; after all, they are both painful on the anus!

q: What divides the humans from the monkeys?
a: The Mediterranean Sea

q: Why was the blond staring at a carton of orange juice?
a: Because it said concentrate.

q: What is a cat's favorite breakfast?
a: Mice crispies.

q: Why don't Mexicans play cards?
a: Because they're afraid of the Trump suit.

q: What did one saggy boob say to the other?
a: We better get some support, or people will think we're nuts!

q: What is the difference between a BMW and a cow?
a: A cow's cunt is on the outside.

q: Did you hear the one about the gaping butthole?
a: Eh, it's a bit of a stretch. 

q: Why does KFC only sell christian chicken?
a: Because the muslim ones are on the no-fry list.

q: What's Lil Wayne's Favorite Movie?
a: Amlie Amlie Amlie Amlie Amlie

q: What is the difference between Michael Jackson and a paper bag?
a: One is made of plastic and is very dangerous for little kids to play with. The other carries groceries.

q: What do you call a funny Pikachu?
a: Jokemon.

q: What were 2pac's last words?
a: You're killing me Smalls. 

q: Why shouldn't the chicken cross the road?
a: It would be a fowl proceeding.

q: Why did the chicken walk into the bar?
a: To screw in the lightbulb.

q: What would you get if you crossed a vampire with a dwarf?
a: A creature that sucks blood from your knees.

q: What is Trump's favourite movie?
a: Wall-E.

q: How do Buddhist monks send emails?
a: They remove all attachments.

q: What do you call a self-absorbed trumpet player?
a: Brasshole

q: What did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his toe?
a: . . . mitosis

q: Why did the Amish woman divorce her husband?
a: Because he was driving her buggy.

q: What do you call a smart chromosome?
a: A gene-ius

q: What do you call a pony with a sore throat?
a: A little hoarse!

q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
a: You look for the fresh prints!

q: Why was six afraid of seven?
a: Because seven's odd.

q: In the case of emergencies, why are women and children evacuated first?
a: So that men can think for a solution in silence.

q: What do you call it when worms take over the world?
a: Global Worming.

q: What's the only thing pedophiles are good at?
a: Providing child support.

q: How do you know when a bass player and drummer are at your front door?
a: The knocking is out of time and they don't know when to come in.

q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?
a: Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911? A: She can't find the eleven.

q: Why did Jesus drink wine at the last supper?
a: Because in 3 days, he would be a raisin

q: Wanna know the difference between a man and a matgarita?
a: A margarita hits the spot every time.

q: What do you call really good crying?
a: Upper Tears

q: How do we know Paul Walker had dandruff?
a: We found his Heads & Shoulders in the glove box.

q: What kind of car does a cat drive?
a: A Cadillac.

q: Why was the chicken Russian?
a: To get to the other side. 

q: Why did the man marry a monkey?
a: Because he wanted a PRIME-MATE!  sorry ...sorry twice if this is an old joke

q: Hear about the lazy baker who wanted a pay increase?
a: He rarely kneeded the dough.

q: What's the difference between how black men treat their beer and their children?
a: If a black man asks you to hold his beer, you can be sure that he'll come back for it.

q: How do you spot the blind man at a nudist beach?
a: Well..it's not hard

q: With winter coming up...What's the difference between a snowman and a snowlady?
a: snow balls.  I love this joke because it's innocent enough to be acceptable in most circumstances, yet dirty enough to be interesting. 

q: Why are friendzone'd guys always sick?
a: They suffer from m'ladies

q: Why did the blind girl fall in the well?
a: She couldn't see that well.

q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and sweats?
a: A nervous wreck...

q: Why do you never see any gay Egyptian Sailors?
a: Because they're all in de Nile.

q: What's a dogs favourite day?
a: Chewsday

q: How does a ninja say hi?
a: It doesn't

q: What do you call a bunch of devilishly handsome gay guys?
a: Succubi

q: Why won't anti vaxers ever win an election?
a: All their supporters are home with sick kids 

q: How does a feminist ask for Halloween candies?
a: Trigger Treat.

q: What's the hardest part about making a manicure joke?
a: You really have to nail it

q: Why didn't the approaching black hole concern the astronaut?
a: He didn't understand the gravity of the situation.

q: What did the constipated mathematician do?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: Why did the mathematician call his dog Cauchy?
a: Because he left a residue at every pole.

q: What is Harry Potters favorite way to get down a hill?
a: Walking (punchline in comments)

q: Whats Harry Potters favourite way of getting down a hill?
a: walking. JK ROLLING

q: What's the difference between this joke and your mum?
a: They both suck, but only she swallows. .... Yes this joke suck hard. I apologise. 

q: Did you hear about the peanut in the street?
a: It was assaulted.

q: What do you call 6.63*10^-34 mutinied pirates?
a: Planck walkers

q: Which 3 words will make a mexican tremble in fear ?
a: Round of 16

q: What do you call a sleepwalking nun?
a: A roamin Catholic

q: What's a weeb's favorite state?
a: Ohio

q: What does an iPhone 7 and The Titanic have in common?
a: The end has no Jack. 

q: Ignoring time, what does a weekend have in common with a year?
a: They both end on a Sundee

q: Why can't we have a female President?
a: She won't admit that she's 35

q: Why don't violists get stressed?
a: Because they have nothing to fret about!

q: What's the difference between testicles and a penis?
a: Wow.  I can't believe you don't know this.  There is a Vas Deferens between the two. 

q: What's Harry Potter's favourite way of getting down a hill?
a: Walking. ... JK Rolling. 

q: Why do people never see an Apple store getting robbed?
a: It doesn't have windows.

q: What's the difference between a bench and a black guy?
a: A bench can support a family of four.

q: How many tickles does an octopus like?
a: Ten-tickles

q: how does a bakery know when to make more bread?
a: on a knead the dough basis.

q: What's the instinctual response to a bad gym selfie?
a: A reflex of course.

q: What Is a Chinese persons favorite holiday?
a: Chinko De Mayo

q: What did the band director say to the misbehaving kid?
a: You're in treble mister!

q: What do you call a black woman that gets an abortion?
a: Crime stopper

q: How do men in New Zealand address their women?
a: "Hey! Ewe!"

q: What type of battery does The Fonz use?
a: AAAA

q: What do you call a hillbilly giraffe that lives in a trailer and drinks beer all day?
a: A rednnnnnneeeeeeeccccccccckkkkkk.

q: Whats the difference between a truck full of bowling balls and a truck full of dead babies?
a: You can't use a pitchfork on the bowling balls.

q: What's the difference between origami and a grandpa passing wind?
a: One is the art of the fold, the other, the fart of the old.

q: Ever heard the joke about the airplane?
a: Never mind, it just flew over your head. 

q: What does a self-conscious vampire say?
a: "I'm going to suck.."

q: How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant?
a: He didn't wrap his Whopper

q: What's an Atheist's favorite joke book?
a: The bible. Please don't kill me for this.

q: Why is proctology called proctology?
a: Because analogy was already taken.

q: What kind of tree is a must?
a: An obliga-tree.

q: What did pirate say when he turned 80?
a: AYE MATEY

q: How long does it typically take for a woman to orgasm?
a: Who cares. 

q: What happens when a cow jumps over barbed wire?
a: Udder destruction!

q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
a: Virgin mobile.

q: What do you call two pears?
a: A pair. 

q: Whats the best part about sex with 28-year-olds?
a: There are twenty of them..

q: Want to hear the funniest joke in the world?
a: French army.

q: How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
a: None, he fell.

q: What did the poor composer say to his friend?
a: I am baroque, can you lend me some money?

q: What do you call a black man on the moon?
a: An astronaut, you racist. 

q: How Do Jewish Baleen Wales Eat?
a: They gefilter fish.

q: What do you call a Finn, who gets something done?
a: -Finnished

q: What did one monochromator say to another?
a: Hey, wanna get blazed?

q: Why is Friday the best day of the week?
a: Its the 5/7 day of the week

q: Did to hear about the guy who pretended to wash his hair with excrement?
a: It was actually sham-poo.

q: What is a statistician's favorite social media site?
a: Histogram 

q: Q: What's the only animal with an asshole in the middle of its back?
a: A: Police horse

q: What does a mosquito and a woman have in common?
a: They'll both try their best to suck the life out of you...

q: Did you hear about the mathematician who got his calculator stuck up his bum?
a: He had to work it out with a pencil...

q: What's big, yellow, and can't swim?
a: A schoolbus full of children.

q: What do you call a joke with no punchline?
a: Ba-dum-tss

q: What do Hillary Clinton supporters and Eminem have in common?
a: When you tell them that you want to see proof, all they can do is tell you about it!

q: Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
a: A zit will wait until youre twelve before it comes on your face.

q: What the difference between a nun in a bathtub & a nurse in the bathtub?
a: One has soul full of hope & one has a hole full of soap... I'll walk myself out, sorry first post here 

q: Why is Helen Keller's leg yellow?
a: Her dog is also blind 

q: What do you call a lesbian Eskimo?
a: A Klondike.

q: What is the chupacabra's breakfast of choice?
a: Goatmeal.

q: Why was the tomato blushing?
a: Because he saw the salad dressing.

q: What do you call the baby if the parents were Hillary and Trump?
a: The Antichrist

q: How can you tell a woman is having a bad day?
a: She has a tampon behind her ear and can't find her cigarette 

q: Cash or credit?
a: Did you just assume my tender??

q: What did the square of cloth identify as on tumblr?
a: Nap-kin

q: Whats the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter?
a: Harry can escape the chamber.

q: What's red and bad for your teeth?
a: A brick. 

q: What do you call a kinky australian romance novel?
a: Fifty shades of G'Day

q: Why are Asian women in the US so excited about next Tuesday?
a: It's Erection Day

q: Why did Donald Trump cross the road?
a: To get to the other side of Chris Christie. From the book: Donald Trump Is F**king Goofy: Jokes and Limericks

q: Hey girl are you the great American West?
a: Because you're flat and fertile

q: What does a depressed girl do when she needs to get a lot of work done?
a: She takes Sadderall. 

q: What is the difference between me and being artistic?
a: The second letter.

q: Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth?
a: It's pasteurized before you can even see it.

q: How does Hillary's email server feel?
a: [removed]

q: Why did the Mexican jump the border?
a: To get back to Mexico

q: How many babies does it take to paint a house?
a: Depends on how hard you throw them. 

q: What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Kurt Cobain?
a: Hitler had a reason to kill himself.

q: What's it called when two retarded lesbians have sex?
a: Sthaftey scthissors!

q: What do you call a basement full of SJW's?
a: A whine cellar. 

q: Why haven't I ever met a full blooded Jew?
a: All the ones I have met have been Jew-ish

q: What does the Saudi executioner say every time he takes a head?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call a person who you had a one night stand with on Mars?
a: A solmate 

q: Which Star Wars character was arrested for drunk driving?
a: Han Solo. Because he took a shot first.

q: How many Trump supporters does t take to change a light bulb?
a: None, they'll just make the Mexicans do it. 

q: Why don't mathematicians have degrees?
a: They prefer radians.

q: What's the worst part about being a black Jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What gets beaten ten times a day?
a: A person with a masturbation problem. 

q: Why do we feel the need to order beers in round?
a: It's beer pressure.

q: If you throw a red stone into the blue sea what will it become?
a: Wet. 

q: Why don't black people go on cruise ships?
a: They aren't gonna fall for that one again.

q: Does anyone see this?
a: Test post please respond

q: Why do doctors hate Wolves?
a: Lupus

q: Why are you walking like that?
a: "Number one, I crashed my bike yesterday morning, and number two           " edit: grammar fix

q: What's the best part about sex with a pregnant woman?
a: Getting head at the same time.

q: What do you call a blind german?
a: A not-see

q: Did you hear the creator of spaghetti died?
a: He pasta way

q: What's a social media for married people?
a: Weddit

q: Hey girl are you a school?
a: Because I want to shoot kids inside you. 

q: What do you call an oil stain that lasted for 1000 years?
a: Ancient grease

q: What did the house turn into on the night of the full moon?
a: A Warehouse.

q: How do people with a PHD get a free day off of work?
a: They write themselves a doctor note  (some shitty oc for ya'll) edit: okay not oc but not repost, i need dat karma to feed kids

q: Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?
a: For hispanic attacks.

q: What's Hitlers favorite number?
a: Six Million.

q: What is the worst thing about being an egg?
a: You only get laid once, and that's by your mother!

q: What do Australians say when they go to bed?
a: G'night mate

q: How many Anti-Vaxxers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: As a mother, I choose not to screw it in. Light bulbs are dangerous weapons created by the Soviet Union, and I will not screw it in; it could severely hurt my child. As everyone knows, light bulbs are the principle source of autism in this world, and I have to take a stand on it.

q: How do you write poop in Australia?
a: dood

q: Why were the early days of history called the Dark Ages?
a: There were many knights.

q: Why is Apple donating money to cancer research?
a: "Cancer stole our jobs!"

q: It's my cake day. You wanna hear a funny joke?
a: my life. 

q: What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
a: Outlaws are wanted people 

q: What do you call a brilliant musician who also happens to have Down Syndrome?
a: Retarded.

q: How does a road reply when you ask it how work is going?
a: It's tiring.  

q: What do you call an ape that's both extremely frugal and fearful?
a: A cheap pansy

q: What do Luke Bryant and a Nordic breast plate have on common?
a: They're on Thor.

q: What is the difference between St. Patrick and Christopher Columbus?
a: One drove all the snakes from Ireland, the other drove away all of the Native Americans.

q: What's the difference between the Cleveland Indians and Shae from Game of Thrones?
a: One blows a 3' 1" lead and the other blows a 3-1 lead

q: What do you call an astronaut with only one hand?
a: HAND SOLO  hahaha fuck you

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a jellyfish?
a: Well, one's a spineless, gutless, heartless, brainless, venomous, slimy, nasty creature whose mouth and anus are the same orifice. The other is a form of sea life.

q: What did the road say to the chicken?
a: "If you cross me it will be the last thing you do!"

q: What's the difference between a woman and a gun?
a: Guns don't move out when you bring a new one home.

q: Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
a: Because his pecker is on his head

q: What did the jewish man say to the doctor after having his son circumsised?
a: Keep the tip.

q: What branch of the military are horses in?
a: The NaaaaayyyVY

q: How to you piss off a writer?
a: The list off ways is to long too fit hear.

q: What did the salad say during sex?
a: "I came, I saw, and I came again".

q: Why is peanut butter lighter than peanut?
a: Because butter fly. 

q: Did you miss me?
a: Yeah but only by a couple inches. I think I killed a parrot...

q: What did they call Jesus after He died on the cross?
a: Xavier

q: Whats the age of consent in Thailand?
a: 50$

q: Why dont Calculus majors throw house parties?
a: Because you should never drink and derive.

q: Why are Reddit jokes so overused?
a: I don't know, ask Dave.

q: What words does Donald Trump find irresistibly sexy?
a: "You sick fuck, I'm calling the cops."

q: What do you call a Vicar on a motorbike?
a: Rev

q: What city has the biggest amount of mistakes per capita?
a: Uppsala

q: How do you call a criminal who never gets arrested?
a: Hillary Clinton

q: Did ya hear about the cannibal lion with a huge ego?
a: He had to swallow his pride

q: What did Kermit the Frog say at Jim Henson's funeral?
a: Nothing.

q: What do you say to your sister when she's crying?
a: Are you having a crisis?

q: What do you call a phone with no parents?
a: An Or-phone.

q: Know who have the longest running championship drought in baseball?
a: The Cleveland Indians.  

q: Wahoo blew a 3-1 lead?
a: The Almost Windians.

q: What Happens when the Cubs win the World Series?
a: ...They Leave a Trail of Tears

q: Did you hear the man who got his left arm and left leg cutoff?
a: Seriously, you didn't hear? He was screaming from the pain for four hours straight at 2 a.m.

q: What sound does a bouncing plane make?
a: Boeing boeing boeing

q: With your current salary what Apple product can you buy?
a: Apple juice

q: What does Hillary Clinton's inbox look like?
a: [removed]

q: Why can't a bike stand on its own?
a: Because it is two tired. 

q: How do you call a prison inmate?
a: With a cell phone.

q: Why do SJW's hate Programmers?
a: They objectify everything.

q: What did the mittens say on their wedding day?
a: I glove you. 

q: If went camping with a friend and woke up with a condom stuck in your ass would you tell anyone?
a: No Wanna go camping?

q: What is a Catholic's favorite weapon?
a: Nun-chucks.

q: I wonder where all the old Bernie Sanders merch is going?
a: The Bern Pile 

q: How many dead babies does it take to fill a basement?
a: Apparently not 29

q: Why Couldn't the Ancient Egyptians Build a Plane?
a: Because, it wasn't very Pharoah-dynamic.

q: Why did the socialist drop out of high school math?
a: Because there were too many damn inequalities.

q: Bad weather?
a: FEMA representative: During the last storm did you receive any damage to your property? Homeowner: Hail, yes.

q: What do you say when your ex has broken up with you?
a: Ill call you tomorow

q: What do army ants have in common with masturbating dolphins?
a: Both come in waves...

q: What's winning attitude?
a: 3 ants saw an elephant coming.  Ant 1: We will kill him.  Ant 2:  We will break his legs.  Ant 3:  Forgive him guys,  he is alone and we are 3...

q: How does one French arsonist flirt with another one?
a: "Voulez-vous brler avec moi ce soir?"

q: Why do Welshmen like to embarrass their wives?
a: It makes them rather sheepish. 

q: Why do they call them the minute men?
a: Because they lasted a minute in battle

q: What does a know-it-all always have in their kitchen?
a: A pedantry. 

q: What is the difference between an animal doctor and a retired Nazi?
a: One is a veterinarian, and the other is a Veteran Aryan.

q: What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
a: Women.

q: What's a dull joke?
a: An unpolished one.

q: Man: Your place or mine?
a: Women: Both, you go to yours and Ill go to mine.

q: What do you do when you see a floating T.V. in the middle of the night?
a: Tell Jamal to drop it

q: If you were a dinosaur what would you be?
a: Dead

q: Did you hear about the mod that got pissed off?
a: [deleted]

q: Whats the first word a swede says after its born?
a: wouaaa wouaaa wu wu welcome refugees

q: Who's great at math, but always tells lies?
a: Fibonacci

q: What did the shoemaker say about actor Christopher's custom-made footwear?
a: These Boots Are Made For Walken.....

q: What's the difference between feminists and hockey players?
a: Hockey players shower after 3 periods.

q: How do you get a nun pregnant?
a: Dress her up as a choir boy!

q: What's the funniest fish in the world?
a: Piranhahahahaha Don't lynch me

q: Why did the girl cry on the swing?
a: She has cancer

q: What do you call a police officer that doesn't get out of bed?
a: An under cover cop. 

q: What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce?
a: Chicken sees a salad.

q: Why was the broom late?
a: because it overswept

q: If the quiz made you a little quizzical, what is the test going to make you?
a: Really fucking confused. 

q: Whats the difference between Greggs and your girlfriend?
a: Greggs dont look down on you when you eat their creampie

q: What is the difference between racism and asians?
a: Racism has many faces. EDIT: Read "asians" as "people from Japan, China and both of the Koreas". Because some redditors are pissed at me for being racist, while telling a racist joke. 

q: Why do so many Jews enjoy smoking?
a: The ashes reminds them of their parents.

q: Did you hear about the Jew and the Scotsman who spent the night together?
a: Apparently that's all they spent.

q: What's the difference between my broken watch and a lesbian?
a: My watch hasn't got a strap on.

q: How are black people and a CPU similar?
a: They both have motherboards, but no fatherboards

q: What's the difference between Amy Winehouse and Captain Morgan?
a: Captain Morgan comes alive when you add coke.

q: Why does Donald Trump love 6:43PM?
a: It's the time he'd barge in on beauty contestants changing to try to see them naked.

q: What do you say when somebody else has ruined your joke?
a: RIP post

q: What's the difference between erotic and kinky ?
a: Erotic is when you use a feather; kinky is when you use a whole chicken.

q: What's the cheapest meat available?
a: Deer testicles, it's under a buck. 

q: Are you a hydroelectric source of power?
a: ...cause dam!

q: How many people does it take to change a lightbulb in a monastery?
a: Nun.

q: How do you know when an introvert is interested in you?
a: They are looking at your shoes, rather than their own.

q: What are a terrestrial planet's favorite genres of music?
a: Rock and Heavy Metal

q: What do you get when you cross a computer with a lifeguard?
a: A screensaver.

q: What does wearing Crocs and getting your dick sucked by a dude I have in common?
a: They both feel really good but when you look down you know you're gay.

q: What is the one thing you don't want to hear during sex?
a: Honey, I'm home!

q: What did Mars say to Saturn?
a: Give me a ring sometime.

q: What is a werewolf's favorite salad leaf?
a: Aruuuuuugula

q: Did you notice Redditors saying "Ayy lmao" all the Time?
a: Yeah, its some kind of Meme. Well in my peoples Tongue, Ayy lmao means: "I am in great Pain, please help me."

q: What does Jesus say when someone cuts his call?
a: Hello.. Hello..? Lama sabachthani?! 

q: What's Donald Trump's least favorite Star Wars movie?
a: Rogue Juan

q: How does Negan hit a home run?
a: With a Lucille Ball.

q: What happened to the adhesive suicide bomber?
a: He glue up.

q: How fast can the lesbian get here?
a: Licka de split!

q: Which Marvel superhero is transgender?
a: Ironman, he's a Fe male.

q: What does Bill Clinton's presidency and Hillary Clinton's future presidency have in common?
a: Weiners got them both in trouble but in the end nobody really cared. 

q: Where do Muslim people go when they die?
a: Everywhere

q: Why are the ladies thirsty so thirsty for my love?
a: It's Minute Made

q: How do we know that the toothbrush was invented in Mississippi?
a: Because anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush

q: What's a Mad Cow's favorite rap song?
a: MOO! Bitch, get out the way... Get out the way... Get out the way. 

q: If your Uncle was an animal, what one would he be?
a: An Aunt-eater.

q: What do cows do on Sundays?
a: they go to the moovies

q: Clean: How do you catch a polar bear?
a: Cut a hole in the ice, place a bunch of peas in that hole, and when a polar bear comes to take a pea, kick him right in the ice hole.

q: How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar?
a: If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.

q: How do you check the intonation of a guitar underwater?
a: With a tuna.

q: What do you call a frozen raindrop in Nazi Germany?
a: A Heilstone

q: Why is the ocean salty?
a: Because the land never waves back.

q: Why are there no cats on Mars?
a: Because there is no oxygen and they'd die from UV radiation, you idiot.

q: Have you guys heard of the joke about the electric chair?
a: It's shocking. 

q: Last rites?
a: Over my dead body...

q: Interviewer: What's your strength?
a: Candidate: I fall in love easily.  Interviewer: What's your weakness?  Candidate: Those blue eyes of yours.

q: Why did the ghost go into rehab?
a: He had a problem with boos.

q: What do you call two stoners sharing a joint over dessert?
a: Joint custardy

q: What do you say after stubbing your toe?
a: I thought the title was the start of a joke. You OWW me one joke!

q: Q: How would you describe a transistor to a caveman?
a: A:  Ooga booga baby!

q: Son: Mom, how was I born?
a: Mom: Well son, it all started when I asked the wrong man for directions.

q: How many nymphomaniacs does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: As many as will fit.

q: What do you call a kid with two gay black dads?
a: An orphan. 

q: What's a hutu's least favorite candy?
a: A Tutsi roll!

q: What do you call a 2D fairy?
a: Pixie-lated

q: What do you call a girl who friend zones you?
a: M'lady 

q: What do you call a piece of fruit that can fly?
a: A pearrot

q: What does Pong and WW1 have in common?
a: It's not about strategy, but endurance.

q: What's the difference between a baby and an unwanted baby?
a: One's a rugrat, the other's a regret.

q: Who are the fastest readers in the world?
a: 9/11 jumpers they went 79 stories in 10 seconds.

q: Why was the note denied alcohol?
a: Because it was A Minor. If anyone posted this before me, all credit is to be given to them.

q: What was the first joke ever written?
a: Ugh, Ugh Ugh? Uggh!

q: What kind of street to ghosts, goblins and ghouls live on?
a: A Dead End.

q: Why does nobody in Japan use Siri?
a: Because they can't take it seriousry.

q: Why did the ghost stink?
a: Because it was covered in sheet

q: What did the ghost give his girlfriend on Halloween?
a: What did the ghost give his girlfriend on Halloween? A "booquet" of flower.

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school?
a: It's OK, he woke up

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of cheetos?
a: One is a cheesy sack of toxic crap that is pumped with orange dye and hot air and is sold to ignorant masses with no taste. The other is a corn-based snack food.

q: What did the masterbating Australian mortician do?
a: Cremate 

q: Why is 2 dimensional soda not popular?
a: Because it's always flat.

q: What's Stephen Hawking's favorite pet?
a: tamagotchi 

q: Why did the German girl count to three, then cry?
a: Because her boyfriend was going in  .

q: [Dark] What is a Muslims favourite phone?
a: Galaxy Note 7 (Exploding Variant)  Just kidding it's an iPhone, you racist fuck.  This joke has probably already been said before, so please up-vote.

q: Where does the king keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies! 

q: Do you know about the kids who went as hipsters for halloween?
a: Oh, wait, nevermind. You've probably never heard of them.

q: Husband : Why are there broken condoms on our couch???
a: Wife : would you please call our children by their real names? 

q: What is Anthony Weiner's favorite type of mail?
a: Junk mail

q: How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Why does it have to be a group activity?

q: What did the surfer say when he visited Syria?
a: This place is totally radical!

q: Why did the blind lady fall into the well?
a: Because she was fucking blind. 

q: Why did the Baker have brown hands?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: what do you call a student's life who is bad at math and has a stutter?
a: a mathacre

q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a potato?
a: You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.

q: Why don't black people ever go on cruises?
a: We're not falling for that one again!

q: How many guns do the US need to combat an enemy?
a: Two: one to shoot and one to sell him to shoot back.

q: Did you hear about the lawyer who tried to sue a shark for biting all his limbs off?
a: He didnt have a leg to stand on

q: What sex position creates the ugliest children?
a: Idk, ask your mother.

q: What type of government would a nation ran by Alvin and the Chipmunks be called?
a: A theocracy.

q: Do I have a joke about periodic table of elements?
a: Na

q: Why is a panda a lot like Charles Barkley at basketball practice?
a: He eats shoots and leaves

q: What's a neckbeard's favourite disease?
a: M'laria.

q: What do a penis and a Rubiks Cubes have in common?
a: The more you play with it, the harder it gets.

q: What did the time traveler say at the birthday party?
a: I'd tell you happy birthday, but to me, you've been dead for centuries 

q: Hillary and Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives?
a: America.

q: What would Donald Trump say if he was Mexican?
a: 'WE NEED TO BUILD A RAMP!'

q: Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
a: For fingering a minor.

q: What is the similarity between a black man and a bike?
a: They both only work with a chain on.

q: What do you get when mix the last of the solute with the last of the solvent?
a: The Final Solution

q: What do you call an erection during a funeral?
a: Mourning wood!

q: What do feminists do in Halloween?
a: They go Triggertreating.

q: What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand?
a: Cuatro sinko 

q: What do you call a Mexican wrestler that only fights during his 12:00 break?
a: A lunchador.

q: What did the detective particle say to the suspect particle?
a: I got my ion you. 

q: How do you know if an introvert likes you?
a: He looks at your shoes instead of his

q: What do you call a falling llama?
a: A llama-fall.

q: What's the different between a knife and a feminist?
a: A knife has a point 

q: What do you call it when two people make a baby in fog?
a: A mist conception. 

q: What do fat girls and bricks have in common?
a: They both get laid by Mexicans. 

q: Why were Huma Abedin's darkest fears about seduction by Bill Clinton unfounded?
a: Because ultimately it was Hillary who ended up showing her the Huma door.

q: What did the Buddhist Monk say to the Hot Dog Vendor?
a: "Make me one with everything" (assuming he would be able to talk in the first place)

q: What do you call a guy who wants to join the mile high club by himself?
a: A high-jacker.

q: Is it someone's actual job to collect cow poop for fertilization?
a: Because that would be the crappiest job ever. 

q: Why do people even listen to female comedians?
a: Because they are a Joke!

q: How can you tell if someone is a chemistry major?
a: They have a mole on their body.

q: How do you call a dog that likes to be on the Internet?
a: A Labragoogle.

q: How do you buy a Jewish Person?
a: With 30 pieces of silver

q: What did one Snowman say to the other Snowman?
a: Can you smell carrot?

q: Which element is most likely to surrender an electron?
a: Francium.

q: Why do French tanks have rearview mirrors?
a: So they can see the battle.

q: What does a South Korean call their lover?
a: Their Seoul Mate. 

q: What's the difference between Frenchmen and some toast?
a: You can make soldiers out of toast!

q: What did the pirate say when he turned 80?
a: Aye matey

q: How do you stop the government from making a pipeline across your land?
a: You Sioux them.

q: What did the gold say when it saw the puppy?
a: Au.

q: What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
a: Snowballs.

q: What sort of people are good at Auto Fellatio?
a: Suicide Bombers. They are used to blowing themselves.

q: What did the jalapeno dress up as for Halloween?
a: A Ghost Pepper.

q: Why was the Bhut Jolokia picked to be the captain of the cheer squad?
a: Because it was the hottest pepper.

q: What did the pumpkin say after waking up his family?
a: "Awaken, my pump- "

q: What's big, green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls on you?
a: A pool table

q: Why did the vegan avoid the confrontation?
a: He didn't want any beef. 

q: What's is the outcome of a soccer game between Ethiopia and Jamaica?
a: Half of the grass gets eaten and the other half gets smoked

q: What do you call a country that Hillary Clinton has been in charge of?
a: Libyated

q: Where does the Persian air force keep its aircraft?
a: The Carpet store 

q: How many babysitters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Are you joking? They can't even change a dirty diaper!

q: What did Hillary Clinton say when she got to the restaurant?
a: "Can I have a private server?"

q: What did Mozart yell when he became a crusader?
a: Amadeus Vult!

q: Why do so many Trumpies end up playing Minecraft?
a: They were looking for Mein Kampf and got misdirected.

q: What do Maroon 5 and Jack Reacher have in common?
a: They both spend all their money on payphones.

q: What does a Trumpie call a woman with a PhD and a Nobel Prize?
a: Bitch.

q: What do Japanese people do when they have erections?
a: Vote!

q: How are Trumpies like Walmart?
a: Conceived at a family reunion and crawling with criminals.

q: How Long is a Chinese man?
a: Its his name.

q: What do you call a hot guy , who instantly becomes super hot?
a: Sick, he definitely has fever.

q: Whats the difference between american women and middle eastern women?
a: American women get stoned before they commit adultery..

q: Why'd the Mexican guy have to take xanax?
a: Because of hispanic attacks..

q: Why do people hate cliffhangers?
a: Because the suspense is killing them. 

q: What do you get when you foot falls asleep?
a: Coma-toes.

q: What do you need to drink out of a fruit?
a: a STRAWberry. ...I'll go...

q: Girl are you Cytosine?
a: Because I'm the only "G" you need 

q: What's the best part of publicly masturbating at the old folks home?
a: The strokes

q: What do you call a gynecologist who really loves his job?
a: Ovary Enthusiastic

q: What is John Lennon's favourite donut?
a: Strawberry Filled forever!

q: Why did George cross the road?
a: He didn't look in both directions before crossing.

q: What do you call an injured martial artist?
a: Bruised Lee

q: How did Rihanna find out Chris Brown was cheating on her?
a: She found another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.

q: Why was the chef afraid of cooking steaks on a plane?
a: The steaks have never been higher

q: Why do Italian men grow moustaches?
a: They want to look like their mothers.

q: Who should have played Bilbo?
a: Who should have played Bilbo Baggins in Lord of the Rings? Bruce Willis. Because old hobbits die hard.

q: What did the perverted ghost say?
a: BOOB

q: What would you call Mike Mauser if he was a cat?
a: Mike Meowser 

q: What's the worst thing about being a black Jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: Did you hear about the assassin who was given forty years to complete his assignment?
a: He had some time to kill.

q: Why do computer programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas?
a: Because Oct31 = Dec25

q: How does a Trumpie become a smooth talker?
a: Takes a laxative.

q: Why was the Trump voter arrested for shoplifting?
a: Their supply list told them to "jackboots."

q: When's the best time to procrastinate?
a: Later. 

q: How many bones are there in a graveyard?
a: A skeleTON.

q: What do you call a pizza chef on an airplane?
a: A flying saucer.

q: Why did the cannibal go to KFC?
a: He heard it was finger licking good.

q: Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
a: So she can moan with the other.

q: What is an engineer's favorite Halloween candy?
a: Dork chocolate

q: What would a cross-dressing psychologist wear?
a: A Freudian slip

q: My father was a seal, my mother was a yak. What does that make me?
a: Wheat intolerant.

q: How much did the cannibal pay for his new sports car?
a: I don't know but I heard it cost him an arm and a leg.

q: How many kidnapped children does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: The parents would love to know.

q: How many ants can you fit inside an apartment ?
a: Ten-ants !

q: What does a mediating blond girl sound like?
a: "Ummmmmmmmmm...."

q: Why do babies make bad mechanics?
a: They have poorly developed motor skills. 

q: What do you call four Mexicans drowning?
a: Cuatro sinko

q: What does "IDK" mean?
a: I keep asking people, but they don't know either.

q: What does a college kid do when confronted by an evil spirit?
a: He drinks it just like he drinks every other kind of spirit.

q: What is Apple users favorite movie?
a: No Escape

q: What does Lenin say when he his angry?
a: I will hit you so hard that it will leave a Marx. 

q: Did you hear about the kid who got his legs blown off?
a: He's a whole two feet shorter.

q: Did you know Hitler was blinded in WW1?
a: That's when he became a not-see

q: What's Trump's favorite place to shop?
a:                        

q: A Greek, a Spaniard and a Portuguese all walk into a bar. Who pays?
a: Germany. 

q: What's a baby seals favourite drink?
a: Canadian club on the rocks.

q: What do builders and Reddit both hate?
a: Shitty posts 

q: Why is the Kentucky Derby run in a circle?
a: They like horsin' around.

q: You know why Santa Claus doesn't have any children?
a: Because he only comes once a year and that's down a chimney.

q: What do you call a hippie's wife?
a: Mississippi

q: Why did the plastic surgeon create a surgery to move your ears forward?
a: Because he wanted to create a new front-ear!

q: How do you titillate an ocelot?
a: You oscillate its tit a lot.

q: What do you call a disorganized florist?
a: Out of sequins! 

q: What's the difference between a republican and a democrat?
a: How much damage can their Weiner make...

q: What does a time traveler do when he's hungry?
a: He goes back 4 seconds.

q: What do you call a group of rabbits walking backwards?
a: A receding hareline.

q: What would you call a rock digger's mistake?
a: A miner infraction!  From  , posted by 

q: So everyone knows why 6 is afraid of 7. But by was 5 Afraid if 7?
a: Because 7 is a Six offender Edit: should say "But why is 5 afraid of 7?" Sorry

q: Who's the top selling author in Russia?
a: Salman Rush B

q: Is this the Reddit where I submit my jokes?
a: Cause I'm not finding a spot to attach my cover letter. 

q: What's a gynecologist's favorite bird?
a: A Bald Kegel. 

q: Why did the blind woman fall into the well?
a: Because she couldn't see that well.

q: Which way did the programmer go?
a: He went data way.

q: What do you call a fake noodle?
a: An impasta.

q: Why didn't Spock do a mind meld with Frodo?
a: Because he figured that would be a bad hobbit to get in to. 

q: What do you call your Mexican friend living in Oklahoma?
a: Your Oklahomie.

q: Why do humans mainly use the decimal number system?
a: It's just what we tend to do

q: Did you hear about the french man who got raped by a group of mimes?
a: They did unspeakable things to him.

q: Did you hear about the emo who appealed for admission into Harvard?
a: He didn't make the cut 

q: How can you tell an ant's gender?
a: Edit: Sorry about the repost, heard this joke from a friend, who, in turn, saw it on Twitter. :):

q: Did you hear about the kid who used to google things about the past?
a: He has a history of having a history about history 

q: What is the most essential part of any joke?
a: The way that the punchline of the joke is delivered.

q: Did you hear about the racist Mexican?
a: He joined the que que que 

q: What does Dave Grohl say when he thinks there's a stalker in his house?
a: "IS SOMEONE OUT ON THE VEST? THE VEST? THE VEST? THE VESTIBULE?"

q: What do you call a guy with no head?
a: Sexually frustrated

q: How do you spell badly?
a: With a broken magic wand.

q: Ever tried Ethiopian food?
a: No? Neither have they.

q: If Abraham Lincoln were alive today, what would he be famous for?
a: Old age

q: Where did the coffee bean find his soul mate?
a: Grinder (Thanks, Ellen)

q: Why didn't the melons get married?
a: Because they cantaloupe...

q: Where did the Irish poo come in the race?
a: Turd.

q: Is your ass okay?
a: It has a crack in it. 

q: How does Moses makes his coffee?
a: Hebrews it.

q: Why did 10 die?
a: Because it was in the middle of 9 11

q: What's common between Canadians and Belgians?
a: They're mostly really nice people, but they have the French living there too.

q: What kind of jokes does a zombie make?
a: Dad jokes.

q: Why the tourists feel so happy driving by Taj Mahal?
a: Because they're going via Agra!

q: Why do cool guys never look at explosions?
a: Because they die in them.

q: What did Shakespeare spread on his toast?
a: Blue Sonnet

q: Why couldn't Ron Weasley make a Horcrux?
a: Because you need a soul for that.

q: Why did the people's phones stop working on the plane's that crashed into the twin towers?
a: They were in airplane mode. (I'm so sorry)

q: Wanna find out how I made my dick 12 inches?
a: I folded it in half.

q: Did you hear about the mummy that reached the top 10 with his new album?
a: People say it's cause he has the tightest wraps

q: What's the smartest cookie?
a: Academia nut 

q: What do you get when 42 goes into 45?
a: Chelsea.

q: what do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
a: full.

q: What do you get when you have the ghost of a French Viking?
a: Paranorman

q: What's the real reason why SJWs hate guns?
a: They don't come with trigger warnings.

q: What do you call a group of spoiled children?
a: The government

q: What do you call a misplaced table?
a: A stray table. 

q: What do you call a bad riddle?
a: Voldemort

q: Why did my local sandwich shop lose all of its workers??
a: I was told they were sick of being subordinates. 

q: What does a mushroom on a Harley sound like?
a: Shroom, shroom. shroom

q: Why do chemists go to the gym so much?
a: Before they titrate, they need to get buffer!

q: What do you call an Israeli that's into Japanese culture?
a: A Weea-Jew

q: You know what Nixon did wrong?
a: He only broke into the watergate hotel once. He should have done it everyday. Then it would have been normal. Yes, you got it, jokes on you. 

q: Where do shemales live?
a: In Transylvania

q: I've got a golden shower head I'm trying to get rid of. Any takers?
a: Maybe I should just liquify it.

q: What do you call a man with no religion?
a: Godfrey

q: How many ameobas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. No, two! No, four! No, eight! No, sixteen! No, thirty-two! ...

q: What happens when you run away from tomatos?
a: They ketchup.

q: What does a pirate have in common with the alphabet?
a: They only have one I.

q: Why do Mimes have no benefits?
a: Because they never speak up.

q: What are seals made out of?
a: Cealls

q: What do Japanese Kids, Chinese Democracy and German Humor have in common?
a: All are equally oxymoronic.

q: Where do fishes keep their money?
a: In river banks

q: Why are Aspirins and Paracetamol white?
a: Well, you want them to work, don't you?

q: What's The Difference Between Donald Trump and a Bucket of Shit?
a: The Bucket!

q: What do you call a cat on fire?
a: A fur-nace

q: Why do intersecting lines hate each other?
a: Because they do nothing except making themselves cross.

q: How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello?
a: "Konnichihuahua"

q: Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend?
a: Because Sheeran

q: What do you call it when you shoot 49 hot loads in people at a gay bar?
a: An Orlando     sheet party...

q: What do you call the study of Japanese sound?
a: Yakuztics

q: What country are the majority of dress pants made?
a: Khakistan!

q: How do people with injured hands commute to work?
a: Carpool tunnels

q: How did alien defeat predator?
a: "Hi, why don't you have a seat right over there please.."

q: How do computers measure pain?
a: Gigahurts. (Came up with this in the car on my way to school hopefully its original)

q: Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?
a: Because if it had four it'd be a chicken sedan.

q: What's the difference between a magic show and a brothel?
a: Ones a cunning array of stunts. . .

q: What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
a: A pickpocket snatches watches

q: Why cant Kim Kardashian find her asshole?
a: Hes back on tour.

q: So a Korean man, a Syrian man, and a Mexican man are all in a truck. Who's driving?
a: Immigration.

q: Whats baked every day and sells itself?
a: My sister.

q: What kind of yogurt does a skeleton eat?
a: Actibia.

q: What's the difference between a Canadian and an American?
a: Canadian knows the difference between a school and a shooting range.

q: What is faster hot or cold?
a: Hot because you can actually "catch a cold".

q: What the difference between Trump and a pickpocket?
a: A pickpocket snatches watches

q: What is the difference between a baby and a feminist?
a: The baby grows up and learns to stop crying.

q: Did you hear about the houses that fell in love?
a: It was a lawn-distance relationship.

q: How many redditors does it take to write a punchline for a Holocaust joke?
a: Not as many as it takes to point out that they did Nazi it coming.

q: What's brown and sounds like a bell?
a: Dung

q: What did the leper give to the whore?
a: A tip

q: Why are libraries so strict?
a: Because they have to go by the book.

q: Why is it okay for an ice company to commit fraud?
a: Their assets are already frozen!

q: What is a snowman's favorite kind of carpet?
a: BRRR BRRR

q: What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the dead baby in my microwave?
a: Isaac Newton died a virgin

q: Wife: Where the hell have you been? It's 3 o'clock in the morning?
a: Me: I've been playing poker with some blokes. Wife: Playing poker with some blokes? You can pack your bags and fucking leave. Me: So can you sweetheart; this ain't our fucking house anymore!

q: Why can't the ghost get his girlfriend pregnant?
a: Because he's got a hollow-weenie.

q: How many donuts could fit on the erect male penis?
a: 2 1/2

q: What does a vegetarian zombie eat?
a: Graaaaaaiiiiiinnns

q: I challenge you to a battle of wits at high noon! Do you accept?
a: Yes you say?! Well consider yourself mentally challenged.

q: Whats's Glenn's favourite restaurant?
a: Popeyes

q: Have you heard the one about the three holes in the ground?
a: Well well well...

q: What does a networking robot say when returning from the bathroom?
a: "Sorry, I http"

q: Dracula & Frankenstein are in the heavyweight championship. Who wins?
a: Dracula. Frankenstein went down for the count.

q: What did the doctor say to the parents of an ugly baby?
a: "I charge five dollars if its a boy and five dollars if its a girl. Lets just say this ones on the house.

q: What do Donald Trump and Bill Cosby have in common?
a: Neither one will rape a Mexican.

q: What do feet and fairytales have in common?
a: They're both leg ends.

q: Why did Donald Trump watch the olympics?
a: To see how high the mexicans pole vaulters can jump

q: What did the child rapist have for breakfast?
a: This morning I had pancakes.

q: Why do they call it PMS?
a: Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.

q: What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
a: "Hold onto your nuts, this ain't no ordinary blow job."

q: Why wasn't Hillary Clinton prosecuted?
a: She deserves affair trial. 

q: What's the difference between a white guy and a pizza?
a: A pizza doesn't shoot up a school.

q: How do you starve a black man?
a: You don't let him eat. . What, did you think I was going to say something about work boots? Racist dick.

q: How do chinese people laugh over the internet?
a: Lmao Zedong

q: What do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhinoceros?
a: Elephino

q: What do you call a hot pepper with nothing inside it?
a: A hollowpeno

q: Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese Woman?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice.

q: Why did the bodybuilder stop in the middle of the road?
a: They ran out of juice!

q: Which Donald Trump quote is both racist and misogynistic at the same time?
a: No Juan has more respect for women than I do.

q: Why nuns don't wear bras?
a: God supports everything.

q: How do you keep a redditor in suspense?
a: [removed]

q: How many SJW's does it take to change a 90w lightbulb?
a: Did you just assume my wattage??? FLICKERED

q: What are the odds I could find the sum of numbers from 1-100?
a: I'd say it's fifty fifty

q: What does Hillary and a rape victim have in common?
a: They've both been f***** by a rapist

q: Why is 6 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 is a registered six offender.

q: What do we want? Time travel! When do we want it?
a: Irrelevant. 

q: What did the old fly say to the young fly?
a: I've seen a lot of shit!

q: What did Glenn say to Maggie at the baseball game?
a: I'll keep an eye out for you!

q: What does someone from Alabama say after a one night stand?
a: "Wham, bam, thank you fam"

q: What did the Israelite say to the american when offering him a drink?
a: "Here, try this, Israeli refreshing!" 

q: Why did the man driving the broken car end up in his mothers basement?
a: He had nowhere else to turn

q: What's the difference between pink and purple?
a: The grip. 

q: What does a blonde and a shotgun have in common?
a: You break them at the middle and load them from behind

q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house?
a: Of course, a house doesnt jump at all

q: How do you feel when your phone suddenly starts blaring your least favorite tune?
a: Alarmed.

q: Where was the toothbrush invented?
a: West Virginia, anywhere else it would be called the teethbrush

q: What do you get when you drop a piano on a toddler?
a: A flat minor

q: What's the difference between a stoner and a Muslim?
a: When stoners are smoking, they don't explode.

q: How do mathematicians count x-men?
a: Permutations.

q: How many divorced men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Who knows, they never get the house. 

q: What does Pontiac stand for?
a: Poor, Old, Niagga, Thinks, It's, A, Cadillac.  Ba dum tssss 

q: Did you know Rick Grimes is an environmental activist?
a: He's trying to save the reefs, because he wants to protect coral.

q: When is a pentagon not a pentagon?
a: When it's intercepted by a separate plane.

q: Why was Kim Kardashian arrested at the airport?
a: She had two pounds of crack in her knickers.

q: What do you call a pregnant stewardess?
a: Pilot error

q: Guess how I spell distraction?
a: R-E-D-D-I-T

q: How do you stop a hippie from drowning?
a: Take your combat boot off his head. 

q: what does one rock use to propose to another rock?
a: A bouldering. (Sorry guys ive been indoor rock climbing lately)

q: What did the ghost say to the bumblebee?
a: BOO BEE!!  <insert titty-twister here>

q: How do you make a Holocaust joke funny?
a: Jew kill all the people who'd be offended :L

q: What is Harry Potters favourite way to get down a hill?
a: Walking. Jk. Rolling

q: How do bovines do math?
a: They use a cow-culator!  Ba-dum-tsss!

q: What do you call a 6 year old with no friends?
a: A Sandy Hook survivor 

q: What letter never satisfies it's wife?
a: The quick E

q: What is the opposite of irony?
a: Wrinkly. 

q: Why did I carve a heart with me and my boyfriends initials into a tree?
a: To sharpen the knife 

q: How are baby androids born?
a: From their mother's computerus.

q: Did you hear about the infant drag races?
a: It's formula won.

q: Did you hear about the fire at the circus?
a: It was in-tents.

q: What do you call a monk that likes vaporwave?
a: A S C E T I C

q: Why does Dr Pepper come in bottles?
a: So his wife won't get pregnant

q: How can you tell a clock is hungry?
a: It goes back four seconds

q: Why don't winemakers support feminism?
a: Because they benefit from grape culture.

q: What's the difference between an Ethiopian elevator sign and an British elevator sign?
a: British sign says " Maximum 6 People/500kg" Ethiopian sign says "Maximum 500 People/6kg"

q: What's he difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
a: .. you can't hear an enzyme 

q: How does a Ethiopian show that they are rich?
a: They wear a rolex watch around their waist. 

q: What's a lawyer's favourite pastry?
a: Suet

q: what do you call kayne west at a mexican barbecue?
a: Kanye asada.

q: How does Moses make his coffee?
a: He brews it.

q: What's the road construction worker's equivalent of a plumbers crack?
a: An asphalt

q: Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?
a: It runs in your genes.

q: What basic skill do herb farmers always struggle with?
a: Thyme management

q: Why is Donald Trump opposed to bags of shredded cheese?
a: Because he wants to make America grate again 

q: Will I have an open casket at my funeral?
a: Remains to be seen.

q: Why Did Superman Save a Burning Chemistry Lab?
a: He was trying to save Krypton

q: How does Chuck Norris go fishing?
a: "You, you and you. Get out."

q: How do you estimate your kids lifespan?
a: Hand them a mechanical pencil with the lead out and see how the use it. Child A: look mom I'm a doctor! - expect them to live to 80+ years. Child B: look mom I'm a heroin user! - expect them to live to about 27.

q: What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
a: You have to repost the joke twice before she realizes that it isn't funny anymore

q: Where do weeaboos holiday?
a: Kawaii

q: What kind of yoga do you do in a casket?
a: Decom-pose. 

q: What do you call an Aboriginal in a lamp?
a: And Abori-genie.

q: Why is it so difficult to call Chinese people?
a: There's so many wings it's easy to wing the wong number.

q: Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
a: They weren't born yesterday.

q: What's the best thing about being a meth head?
a: 1 sleep until Christmas.

q: Why doesn't Melania Trump want her husband to become President?
a: She doesn't want to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood. 

q: What's the difference between a well dressed bicyclist and a poorly dressed unicyclist?
a: Attire.

q: In hell, Why is Hitler buried up to his eyeballs in shit, but Stalin is only buried to his nose?
a: Because Stalin in standing on Lennins shoulders. From a Russian friend.

q: Why did Greenpeace throw Wolf Blitzer in the ocean?
a: they wanted to restore the CNNomies

q: What is a firewalker's favorite snack?
a: Tostitos.

q: Why are locksmiths in Japan cooler than the rest of the world's locksmiths?
a: Because in Japan they're rocksmiths. 

q: What do you call a Cow on the moon?
a: A Moo - nwalker

q: Why doesn't the KKK like Halloween?
a: Too many spooks.

q: What's the difference between a spitter and a swallower?
a: 10 lbs of pressure on the back of the head. 

q: What do Grammar Nazis support?
a: The Third Write 

q: Why do elephants wear green shoes?
a: So they can sneak across pool tables. Have you ever seen an elephant sneaking across a pool table? Works, doesn't it?

q: What do you call half a kitten?
a: Leftovers

q: What spell does harry Potter use on halloween?
a: Spoopify

q: What do Donald Trump and the milk in my fridge have in common?
a: It better get thrown out by November 8 or else I'm going to get violently sick.

q: Why are Skeleton's so calm?
a: Because nothing gets under their skin.

q: Why did the snowman get fired from his job?
a: He was a snow call, snow show. 

q: What did the wicked chicken lay?
a: A deviled egg. Hmath out.

q: What family history website do rednecks use?
a: Incestry.com

q: What do you call weed grown in a ceramic container?
a: Pothead plants.

q: What did the police man say when he arrested the remote control that beat up his wife?
a: 'I charge you with battery'

q: Why is there no such thing as a great golfer?
a: The best ones are consistently sub-par.

q: What does a Jewish pedophile says?
a: "Hey kid, you wanna buy a candy?" 

q: What happened when Cinderella got to the ball ?
a: She gagged.

q: Why did the medieval Indian go to the doctor?
a: He was feeling a bit Sikh

q: Why can't fashion designers play uno?
a: Because they always draw a cardigan. 

q: Why did the relationship between two parallel lines never worked out?
a: It never worked out because they never met

q: Why is the Prime Minister not seen in the morning?
a: Because he is PM not AM

q: What does your breath smell like after a funeral?
a: Mourning breath!

q: What do you get a mathematician for his stag night?
a: A parallelogram.

q: Did you hear the one about the pizza?
a: Na, it's too cheesy!

q: What do you call a feminist from LA?
a: A SoCal Justice Warrior.

q: How does a mathematician get rid of constipation?
a: He works it out with a pencil.

q: Why do chemists enjoy working with ammonia?
a: Because it's pretty basic stuff.

q: What happens when Donald gets a boner?
a: A Trup vote.

q: Why cant you trust an atom?
a: Because they make up literally everything

q: Did you hear about the shipment of Viagra that was stolen?
a: Police are looking for a gang of hardened criminals.

q: One day I got this huge erection. I started running and hit a wall. You know what broke?
a: My nose

q: What do you call it when Bill Clinton gets an erection?
a: A political uprising.

q: Why is there cotton in pill bottles?
a: To remind black people that they were cotton pickers before drug dealers.

q: What's the difference between Rush Limbaugh and the Hindenburg?
a: One's an overblown Nazi gasbag  and the other's a dirigible. 

q: What do you call a midget psychic running from the cops?
a: A small medium at large! 

q: What do you call a gorilla that's a member of a terrorist organization?
a: Boko Harambe

q: How does a Japanese person distinguish between a German and an extraterrestrial?
a: He doesn't, they are both Aryans.

q: Why are blacksmiths seen as very nosy?
a: Because the are always metal-ing.

q: Why was the cancer doctor so tired?
a: He was always oncol

q: Did you know the government puts ground beef in the chem trails?
a: That explains the meatier showers.

q: When an Amish buggy breaks down on the side of the road, who do they call?
a: Triple Hay 

q: What's the main thing a woman needs to think about when considering a potential boyfriend?
a: Is this the man I want my kids to spend every second weekend with?

q: What did the stamp say to the envelope?
a: Stick with me man... We'll go places. Peace. Hmath out.

q: What's every driver's favorite super hero?
a: Green Arrow

q: What is a vampires favourite food?
a: Vampires aren't real

q: What did the homeless man get for christmas?
a: Nothing

q: You know what really hurts me inside?
a: Internal bleeding

q: Why do american bears have forelimbs?
a: They have the right to bear arms

q: Why did the Scarecrow get a raise?
a: He was outstanding in his field!

q: What do you call a scholarly cop?
a: A phil-officer. 

q: Isn't it so wierd when you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear?
a: Anyway my dad just caught me browsing 

q: Who is the best underwater Transformer?
a: Octopus Prime!

q: Why couldn't the skeleton go to the prom?
a: Because he was fat and ugly and no one liked him

q: What do Elton John and the Berlin wall have in common?
a: Alot of young men went over it. And they would cowardly get shot from the back. Credits to Jeroom.

q: What is the difference between Jam and Jelly?
a: I can't jelly my dick down your throat. 

q: What do humans and sharks have in common?
a: The great ones are always white.

q: Why was the daybreak sad?
a: Because it was in morning.

q: What's green and red and goes 100 mph?
a: A frog in a blender.

q: Did you hear Snow White got thrown out of Disney Land?
a: They caught her sitting on Pinocchio's Face yelling "Lie you little fucker 

q: What should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle?
a: Wipe it off and apologise.

q: What is the difference between an onion and a hooker?
a: I always cry when I cut an onion

q: How did the cow feel when it couldn't produce milk?
a: Udderly useless.

q: Where do detectives go to have a drink?
a: The Search Bar.

q: Did you hear about the man who lost his left arm and his left leg?
a: He was all right.

q: Why was C afraid ?
a: Because other alphabets were 

q: What's the name of that German Video game with the polite gorilla?
a: Danke Kong

q: What kind of gum do bees chew?
a: BUMBLEGUM. Five year olds think it's hilarious. I do not. 

q: What's the difference between a pothead and a gay Muslim?
a: Potheads get stoned by choice.

q: How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: None. They like to live in the darkness.

q: What's the leading cause of death among wizards?
a: Staff infection

q: Why did the scarecrow get an award?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field!

q: Did you hear about the bulimic bachelor party?
a: The cake comes out of the girl.

q: How do you blind a Chinese man?
a: lay floss over their eyes

q: Why can it be so annoying to drive a Skoda?
a: The Czech engine light is always on.

q: Why does my wife like to fuck when she's on the rag?
a: If I wanted to see her blood id look at her face after the Eagles lose.

q: What weapon does a thin pirate use?
a: A skinnytar.

q: Why do girls go to the bathroom in groups?
a: Hermione went alone and was attacked by a troll 

q: What do you call the mafia of aggressive pepper salesmen?
a: The all up in yo business.

q: Did you hear about those campers who were rattled by some storms?
a: They were in tents 

q: Why are men smarter than women?
a: They have two heads.

q: Why dont Trump supporters call 911 in an emergency?
a: They can't find eleven on the keypad.  

q: Why did the Fonz give up on Love?
a: Because he was AAAAAYYYYYYY-Sexual

q: What does Trump's hair and a thong have in common?
a: They both barely cover the asshole.

q: What do a tuna, a piano, and a sheet of adhesive paper have in common?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!

q: Have you seen that new documentary about constipation?
a: Oh that's right, it hasn't come out yet..

q: What goes clop clop clop - BANG! BANG! BANG! - clop clop clop?
a: An Amish drive-by shooting

q: Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
a: It runs in your jeans!

q: Did you hear about the Italian chef who died?
a: He pasta away!

q: What did the Computer Processor say when it was overclocked?
a: It Hertz.

q: What's Jesus' favorite car?
a: A Christler.

q: What do I know about dwarves?
a: Very little.

q: How does the alchemist please his wife?
a: Elixir!!!!!

q: Boy or Girl?
a: A: Just look at that young person with the short hair and blue jeans. Is it a boy or a girl? B: It's a girl. She's my daughter. A: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. I didn't know that you were her father. B: I'm not. I'm her mother.

q: What do you say to an Italian who is urinating on the sidewalk?
a: European!

q: What do you call it when a chicken sees a salad?
a: A Chicken Caesar salad

q: How can you tell when a blonde is having a bad day?
a: When there's a tampon behind her ear and she's looking for her pencil. 

q: What does it feel like getting fucked up the ass at one million thrusts per second?
a: I dunno, but I bet it mega-hurts!

q: If there is earth on planet Earth, why aren't there Jews on Jupiter?
a: Because it's a gas planet.

q: Why did Sally fall off the swing?
a: Why did Sally fall off the swing? Because she didn't have any arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Definitely not Sally. Why did Jimmy drop his ice cream? He was hit by a truck Why didn't the truck turn out of the way? Sally Was driving

q: Why was Hillary Clinton so happy on the Battlefield1 release day?
a: .... she uses her own servers

q: What do inbreds do on Halloween?
a: Pump Kin 

q: What did the unimpressed wind turbine say?
a: I'm not a fan.

q: Why don't black people dream?
a: The last black man to have a dream got shot.

q: Have you guys tried Wookie meat?
a: I heard that it's a little Chewy

q: Which horse runs the city?
a: The mare, of course

q: What do you call an Irish R n B singer who's always happy to do something for you?
a: Mary J O'Blige

q: What do Japanese guys do when they have erections?
a: Vote

q: What kind of plants grow in bathrooms?
a: Toilet trees.

q: Why couldn't the Buddha hoover under the sofa?
a: Because he had no attachments

q: What's it called when the queen farts?
a: Helium Neon Argon Krypton Xenon Radon

q: What' is a pirate's least favourite letter?
a: Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...

q: Hey, remember that time Trump was almost president?
a: Too soon?

q: Why didn't the homophobe decorate his house for Halloween?
a: Because his skeleton was in the closet

q: Who's the most flexible man in the Bible?
a: Job - he tied his ass to a tree and walked all the way to Jerusalem

q: You guys wanna hear a black joke?
a: Freedom.

q: What does a person with no arms and a guy dating a vegetarian have in common?
a: They both get toe food

q: Do you know what happened to my tooth in the dentist's office?
a: [Filled]

q: Why do vegans don't like to kiss??
a: It gives them butterflies in their stomach 

q: What does a pimp and a redneck have on common?
a: They both like to throw a ho-down.

q: How do crabs leave the hospital?
a: On crotches...

q: What do you call Trump supporters?
a: Trumpeteers.  Because he sure can toot his own horn.  ...before anyone freaks out. Hillary is also a deplorable person. It's a wonderful election season, ain't it folks?

q: How do the Muslims like their eggs cooked?
a: Sunni side up. I know this is a Shiite joke.

q: What did the erotic novel author get from his editor?
a: Sticky notes. What did he get from his publisher? A hard copy.

q: How do tacos fair in a war?
a: They tend to be shells of their former selves

q: What do you call a really fast lamb?
a: Lamborghini 

q: Rabinowitz: Whatcha reading?
a: Rabinowitz:  Whatcha reading? Topper:  Great Expectations. Rabinowitz:  Is it any good? Topper: Its not all I hoped for. Hot Shots Part Deux. Best joke in the movie. 

q: How do you call a dog with no legs?
a: You don't call it dumbass, you go get it.

q: Why were mexicans celebrating at a stop sign?
a: They saw it as a sign to pare.

q: Who was the greatest female author in German history?
a: Ann Schluss.  Her books had a way of taking over Czechoslovakia and Austria in particular. edit: Czechoslovakia & Austria

q: Why are smaller breasts better for breastfeeding?
a: They're more of a kids meal.

q: Why did the flower fall over?
a: It was a little daisy

q: How did the pepper end up getting killed?
a: A salt with deadly weapon

q: What's the worst part about being a prostitute?
a: The customer always comes first.

q: What do you do when you see a spaceman?
a: You park your car, man. 

q: What's the difference between a mosquito and a nympho?
a: A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it

q: What do you call it when you have sex at the beach?
a: Water-logged.

q: What do you call it when you play tug-of-war with a pig?
a: Pulled pork.

q: What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
a: One has claws at the end of its paws and one is a pause at the end of a clause.

q: What is the difference between a normal and an irradiated cat?
a: Irradiated cats have 18 half-lives

q: What type of equipment do you operate for abortions?
a: A baby excavator.

q: What's the temperature inside a TaunTaun?
a: Lukewarm

q: What flavor gum does a scientist prefer?
a: Exspearamint. inspired by the presidential gum joke.

q: Have you ever had sex while camping?
a: It's fucking intents

q: Why isn't Hitler allowed on the grill?
a: He burnt all the franks.

q: What color were Kurt Cobaine's eyes?
a: Blue. One blue one way and one blue the other way.

q: Why did the Yogis declare that Donald Trump had become an Ascended Master?
a: He could put his foot in his mouth with his head up his ass.

q: What would you call Hispanics if everyone in the world were completely equal?
a: Equatinos

q: What makes no sense?
a: The Canadian Mint

q: How are Lindsay Lohan and the Note 7 alike?
a: The both leave your crotch on fire

q: What did the black kid get for Christmas?
a: My bike

q: How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day?
a: F5.

q: Whats the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball?
a: A guy will actually search for a golf ball.

q: Why can't you ever build a great relationship with an archer?
a: Because at the end of they day they don't want any strings attached! 

q: What do you call a sleep walking nun?
a: A roamin' Catholic.

q: What do you call a bouncer at a gay bar?
a: A flamethrower

q: How did German men pick up Jewish women in the 1940s?
a: With a dustpan and broom.

q: Why did the chicken get a Ouija Board?
a: To contact those on the other side. 

q: What do you call a radio host with a broken leg?
a: Maggie   

q: What happened to the minter who went crazy?
a: He stopped making cents.

q: Did you see the news story about the psychic midget that escaped from jail?
a: The headline read, "Psychic midget escapes from jail"

q: Why did Russia lose the race?
a: Because it was Stalin! edit: Sorry! Communist jokes aren't funny unless every gets them.

q: If rabbits could farm what would they grow?
a: Wrong, hops.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a gun?
a: Some people are against shooting guns.

q: How do you make a dog drink?
a: You put it in a blender.

q: what's black, white, orange and terrifying?
a: My voters pamphlet.

q: What does Bo Jackson smell with?
a: Bo nose

q: What's the difference between garbage and a girl from New Jersey?
a: Garbage gets picked up!

q: What makes an ISIS joke funny?
a: The execution.

q: What happens to people who don't pay their income taxes?
a: They run for president.

q: What does a lawyer wear to work?
a: A law-suit

q: What is the best thing about having sex with twenty nine years olds?
a: There are twenty of them.

q: What do you call a physicist who makes lets play videos?
a: Quarkiplier

q: How much water does a frog need to breed?
a: Knee-deep! Knee-deep! Knee-deep!

q: who said that girls don't have a good sense of direction?
a: they sure know their way down.

q: What's red, 6 inches long and makes my gf cry when i feed it to her?
a: Her miscarriage.

q: What did one hash brownie say to the other?
a: We're so baked. What did the stoner say to his friend? I'm so high,I can hear the brownies talking to each other.

q: Has anyone ever been to Egypt?
a: That place is one giant pyramid scheme!

q: Do you know about the Chinese author who wrote a million page book?
a: It was Wei Tu Long.

q: Why did the moron throw the clock out the window?
a: Because it reminded him of Richard Clock, the man accused of viciously knife-raping his wife.

q: I have thirty foxes and twenty eight chickens. How many didn't?
a: Ten. (Shame this one doesn't work too well for reddit - the funniest part of this joke is the third punchline; enjoying people struggle to understand what the hell you're talking about.)

q: How do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
a: Carlos.

q: What is cooler than steam punk?
a: Steam post-punk

q: What is the definition of a polar bear?
a: A: A rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation. 

q: What's a good place for legal hooker auctions?
a: Ebae

q: What do you call a group of birds that stick together?
a: Vel-crows. You're welcome.

q: what martial arts did Jesus practice?
a: ..Jew Jitsu

q: What does a reposted joke and your mama's tits have in common?
a: Seen it. Seen it. Don't care for either.

q: Were you on Baywatch?
a: Cause I've been watching you... bae.. More of a creepy line.

q: Want to hear a construction joke?
a: Sorry, I'm still working on it.

q: What room is it?
a: When you arrive at the international airport you are American. There is a room that changes your nationality. When you enter this room you are Russian, when you leave this room you are Finnish, and while inside European. What room is it? 

q: What is faster than a black person with your TV ?
a: His brother with your DVD player.

q: What's the difference between snowmen and snow women?
a: Snow balls. Ha

q: What did the Moth say to the other Moth?
a: I'Moth

q: Did you hear about the Italian chef that died?
a: He pasta away Please send olive your condolences to his family

q: What do you call a reptile biting its own tail?
a: An alligatorus

q: Why doesn't the ant ever get sick?
a: He has lots of antibodies.

q: Whats a Feminist's favorite math subject?
a: Triggerednometry

q: Whenever I'm in trouble, I think: what would Jesus do?
a: Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for three days.

q: You know what ruins a rape?
a: Consent

q: Did you hear about the the horse that got shot?
a: He's in stable condition. 

q: Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister?
a: Because he never pays his debts.

q: Why do elephants paint their toe nails red?
a: So they can hide in cherry trees. You've never seen an elephant in a cherry tree? They're pretty good at it.

q: How does Winnie the Pooh open his honey pot?
a: With his bear hands. Thank the Chive for that one.

q: Whats the difference between 8 and negative four?
a: Tyrone

q: Why is Monica Lewinsky voting Trump?
a: The Clinton's leave a bad taste in her mouth 

q: What's the difference between refrigerator and a child?
a: Refrigerator doesn't have a 'd' in it.

q: Why were the Soviets able to beat the Western Allies to Berlin?
a: Because they were Russian!

q: Knock Knock, Who's There?
a: Orange, Orange you glad I didn't say banana.

q: What is Beethoven's favorite fruit?
a: BA NA NA NA!

q: What is a drummer's favorite variable when making a Least Squares Regression Line (LSRL)?
a: The y-hat.

q: What are the two problems Donald Trump is currently being treated for ?
a: 1) Electile Dysfunction  and  2)  Premature Congratulations.

q: What does heroin make you feel like?
a: More heroin. 

q: What has nine arms and sucks?
a: Def Leppard

q: What did the man say to his bossy penis?
a: "Stop telling me what to do! You're not the balls of me!" I'll see myself out...

q: Who lives in orange synagogue?
a: Fruit Jews  .  .  .  Kill me

q: Where do Zombies have their meatings?
a: At headquarters!

q: When does a guy turn into a gay?
a: When something's bent on top of U

q: What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage?
a: Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly

q: What's a slutty witch's favorite holiday?
a: Swalloween!

q: What do you call an Ox with a gluten allergy?
a: A silly-yak.

q: What is the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland?
a: Well for starters the flag is a big plus. 

q: Where do you hide after killing a black person?
a: Behind a badge

q: Did you hear about the gay midget?
a: He came out of the cupboard. 

q: What do you call a dog that can drive a stick?
a: A Cocker Manual.

q: What did the large furry mammal say when the salamander who kept asking for favors went too far?
a: I can't bear it! You axolotl of me this time!

q: What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
a: Ones a large, heavy mammal the other's a little lighter.

q: How do you disappoint a redditor?
a: Repost

q: What do you call a repair shop that specializes in hearses?
a: A rehearsal. 

q: Whats the best thing to do at halloween?
a: Triggered Treating *Its ok i already found the door.

q: What do I put in mecoffee?
a: Meshuggah. 

q: What do the Mafia and pussies have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue, and youre in deep shit.

q: Why was Pavlov's hair so soft?
a: Because classical conditioning!

q: What would Paul McCartney say after losing both his legs?
a: "Suddenly....I'm not half the man I used to be....."

q: How can you tell if a clock is hungry?
a: It goes back for seconds

q: What happened at the funeral of the man who invented the USB?
a: They lowered his coffin, took it out, flipped it the other way round, then lowered it again. 

q: Who in the organisation likes cats the most?
a: The purchaser.

q: What would a woodchuck do if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
a: Go chuck itself of course. 

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl band in the concert?
a: Because the P is silent

q: Why can't astronauts eat popsicles?
a: In space, no one can hear the ice cream truck.

q: Why didn't Ken ever get Barbie pregnant?
a: because he always came in another box. 

q: What did the dolphin say to the overly amorous orca?
a: Your whale cum isn't welcome.

q: What does Bill say to Hillary after sex?
a: I'll be home in 20 minutes.

q: What is Bill and Ted's favorite book of the bible?
a: Duderonomy! They also like Leviticus.

q: What is up with these reposts?
a: It must be heredditory.

q: How does a backwards poet write?
a: Inverse

q: What do you call a homosexual autistic?
a: An aspberry!

q: Which cop writes poems about ravens?
a: Edgar Allan Po-Po

q: How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens?
a: Juan by Juan

q: What's the difference between the Pro Bowl and a typical church?
a: In the Pro Bowl, they give ten percent.

q: Why did the condom fly across the room?
a: It was pissed off.

q: What is Hillary's newest election slogan?
a: "Rigged, for her pleasure."

q: What has four wheels and flies?
a: A garbage truck.  I'm sorry. 

q: Why is Anderson Cooper's show called 360 degrees?
a: Cause he's not straight

q: What's worse than losing one arm?
a: Losing both your arms.

q: What is the best time to go to the dentist?
a: At tooth hurty.

q: where does bin Laden keep his cd's?
a: In iraq

q: What's the difference between tired and exhausted?
a: When you run in front of a car you get tired. When you run behind a car you get exhausted.

q: Why did Hitler need glasses?
a: He could NAZI 

q: What do you call a terrorist on vacation?
a: Aloha ackbar

q: Why do squirrels swim on their back?
a: To keep their nuts dry.

q: Two guys are on a boat with three cigarettes but nothing to light it with. What do they do?
a: They throw one cigarette overboard and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter.

q: What did the funeral director do with Alan Turing's dead body?
a: He encrypted it

q: What's the definition of eternity?
a: Four blondes waiting at a four way stop.

q: What did Ralph yell at the swine who enjoyed autonomous sensory meridian response?
a: Sucks to your ASMR, piggy!

q: Why was the Police Officer still in bed?
a: Because he was  .

q: Why do french people eat snails ?
a: They don't like fast food. 

q: How can a line be both short and long?
a: It's a long line of midgets!

q: What did Kermit the Frog say after Jim Hensen died?
a: Nothing... 

q: what does Dr Watson says to his flatmate when he's constipated?
a: no shit, Sherlock 

q: What do you call a horse that makes bad jokes?
a: Unicorny

q: Are you all alright?
a: No, you are all all .

q: What do you call a lycanthrope you've snuck up on?
a: An unaware wolf.

q: Why should you never trust someone straight after coitus?
a: Usually they're lying

q: What do you call an ungulate with low self-esteem?
a: A cantelope.

q: Why is Jesus Christ gay?
a: Because he was nailed by guys.

q: Did you hear about the tragic crash of the small plane into the cemetery?
a: So far they've recovered 324 bodies. 

q: Question: How do you know when you're poor?
a: Answer: If You walk in on two roaches fucking on your kitchen counter, you unzip your pants and enjoy the free show.  (The great thing about these is, you can all add your own)

q: What did the Call of Duty Player with Shit Internet and Jesus have in common?
a: They both took 3 days to respawn 

q: What's the difference between Phil Collins and Germany?
a: We stopped Germany.

q: Why did the turtle cross the road?
a: To get to the shell station.

q: When is a product with 70% less salt a bad thing?
a: When you're buying salt.

q: Remember that time I made that funny joke?
a: Me neither.

q: What do you call a Chatbook that consists solely of pictures of your poop?
a: A Shatbook. 

q: What do you call a mail order bride holding a penis?
a: Shemail.

q: How do rednecks celebrate Halloween?
a: Pump Kin

q: What kind of TB do potatoes get?
a: culosis.

q: Why was Simba unable to save his dad in the Lion King?
a: He couldnt Mufasa enough.

q: How did the Jews feel during WW2?
a: They were aghast.

q: Whats Rick Grimes' favorite position?
a: Michonne-ary

q: OC from my 10 yr old son: Why do women like roses?
a: Because they are pretty and hurt you.

q: How does Kylo Ren talk on the phone?
a: A Hans free device

q: What do you call the Indianapolis football fans?
a: A Colt following

q: Why did the blonde avoid eating cereal?
a: Every box had, in huge letters, "0mg cholesterol!"

q: What was 2016?
a: The best joke I've ever heard!

q: What does Ivanka call her lower back tattoo?
a: A Trump stamp.

q: From my 7 year old daughter: What do you call a girl shell?
a: A she shell.

q: how many American cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just shoot the room for being black

q: How do you throw a party in space?
a: You planet

q: What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill?
a: Walking. JK ROLLING

q: What did the time traveler do when he was still hungry?
a: He went back four seconds.

q: Why did the feminist get triggered?
a: The police found it easier than arresting her.

q: What do you call five African-Americans born together?
a: Triplets.

q: What's the difference between Pizza and your opinion?
a: I asked for Pizza #KingOfjokes

q: you know what would be cool ?
a: " an ice cube .. you know what would NOT be cool ? molesting children .. cause that would be really hot " -an ice cream van driver .

q: Why do riot police like to get to work early?
a: To beat the crowd.

q: What is Micheal Bay's favorite phone?
a: The Galaxy note 7

q: What do you call a funny snake?
a: HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTERICAL          

q: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are stranded on an island, who wins?
a: America

q: Did you hear about the depressed lactose-intolerant woman?
a: She committed soya-cide.

q: How do you get a Samsung owner to throw their phone out the window?
a: End your text with "this message will self destruct in 10 seconds"

q: What's the similarity between an Asian and Spongebob?
a: Both are yellow and can't drive.

q: What do you call a group of sorority girls?
a: A whorde.

q: What kind of math can you do with light?
a: Refractions

q: [Insensitive] Why can't Ray Charles read?
a: Because he's black.

q: How many cops does it take to push a Black person down the stairs?
a: None. He  ....

q: Why was Avogadro executed?
a: He was a mole 

q: Why did the teacher cross the room?
a: To get to the other slide.

q: Why do cows have bells?
a: Because there horns don't work

q: Why do drug dealers love muslim people?
a: Because they always get stoned

q: Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide?
a: He saw the gas bill.

q: What do you call a WWE referee who is also a Jedi Master?
a: Mikey Yoda.

q: Why did the police officer hate wearing condoms?
a: Because his dad was killed by armed rubbers.

q: What does an Islamic magician say?
a: ALLAH KAZAM!

q: What do you Call a Bunch of Horny Teenagers Argueing?
a: A 

q: What's the difference between Canadian baseball and an old testament drug dealer?
a: ... One has the Blue Jays in it, the other has the Jews blazin' it.

q: What do you do when you see an Indian limping?
a: Stop laughing and reload. (Sorry)

q: Why is the galley the safest place to be on a capsizing ship?
a: Because everything but the kitchen sinks. =D

q: What's green and has wheels?
a: Grass...I lied about the wheels.

q: Hey girl, are you an orphanage?
a: Because I want to give you kids.

q: What is Donald Trump's Favorite Disney Character?
a: "Mowgli. Now there's a man-child who can take on a Khan and win (makes 'you're fired' motion).

q: Why do gas prices end with 9/10 of a penny?
a: It just makes cents.

q: How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
a: By walking...... JK Rowling 

q: What's worse than ants in your pants?
a: Uncles

q: Why shouldn't you go barefoot in Nigeria?
a: You might step on the Lagos.

q: Why do Americans hate knock knock jokes?
a: Because Freedom Rings.

q: What did the Australian Grandmaster say at the conclusion of a sex session?
a: "Check Mate Mate!"

q: What do the Montreal Canadians drive?
a: Carrs.

q: What do you call a dwarf with a birth defect, is broke and can't drink milk?
a: Lack toes and tall or rent

q: I fucked a bitch at work today and guess what happened?
a: Pet store fired me

q: Where did the terrorist go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere..

q: What's the difference between a hockey player and a redneck girl?
a: A hockey player showers after 3 periods.

q: What does a weed addict day when something miraculous happens?
a: Dank god 

q: How does a cannibal get a vegan off its high horse?
a: He eats them both. Eats the high horse first, though.

q: What's next to Moscow?
a: Pa's cow.  I'll show myself out...

q: Did you see that Walmart will be closing about 500 stores by the end of the year...?
a: It's going to put about 12 cashiers out of work.

q: Why did the fisherman head out during a storm?
a: For the halibut

q: What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie?
a: IT'S FUCKING FROZEN

q: How do they count the Mexican immigrants?
a: They start with Juan

q: What are Mario's pants made out of?
a: DenimDenimDenim

q: At first I wondered.. How on earth does Hillary Clinton sleep at night?
a: Then I realised - First she   on one side, then she   on the other.

q: What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe?
a: White vans.

q: Why do asian women like white men so much?
a: Because they don't wanna look at themselves, when they have sex.

q: What do gay horses eat?
a: I'm not sure, but they can suck a mean dick.

q: What does Waka flocka order at a Chinese restaurant?
a: BAO BAO BAO BAO

q: What doesn't belong in this list: Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob?
a: Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs, or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.

q: What's Donald Trump's favorite dish?
a: Cooked Hillary

q: What does Donald Trump do when he sees a mathematical problem?
a: He builds a wall around it.

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. 

q: What is the title of Martha Stewart's culinary anthology?
a: "Cooking: The Books"

q: What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
a: (gotta love the classics) You can unscrew a light bulb

q: Do you want to hear a bad joke?
a: Sorry if that was not likeable and miserable,  Okay, I am going to stop before it gets too dark and too empty,

q: What is Donald Trump's favourite nation?
a: Discrimination

q: How did Caesar describe his sex life?
a: Vidi, Vici, Veni.

q: What's a communist's favorite computer brand?
a: Fi-Dell

q: Did you hear the breaking news in Zootopia?
a: The Beavers are leaving DamNation by the hundreds.

q: Why do you really not want to get pulled over in Ireland?
a: Because the cops are Dublin the fines! (It took me a three hour car ride to come up with this... I am not a clever person)

q: What do you call a dog with no legs?
a: It doesn't matter what you call him, he isn't coming.

q: How many Jews can you fit into a car?
a: Two up front, two in the back, and six million in the ash tray.

q: What do you call a movie about a taco eating contest at Taco Bell that gets hit by a tornado?
a: Shartnado.

q: How does Princess Leia masturbate?
a: Hand Solo

q: What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump?
a: A rookie.

q: What do you call a group of girls from a sorority?
a: A horde.

q: You know why Trump is still the GOP candidate?
a: The GOP is pro-life.

q: How did the butcher introduce his wife?
a: Meat Patty

q: Why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow?
a: So that he didn't fall in the hot cocoa.

q: What did the oven tell the slice of bread?
a: You're  !

q: A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are sitting in the first grade, who has the biggest boobs?
a: The blonde, because she's 18.

q: Have you seen the movie about a lone piece of graph paper?
a: The plot was a bit scattered.

q: What's Richard Nixon's favorite game?
a: I spy.

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket filled with manure?
a: The bucket

q: What's a hipsters favorite season?
a: Summer, they like it before it's cool

q: Why does Donald Trump take women out on his yacht?
a: Because of the implication.

q: Have you heard about the new broom they invented?
a: Its sweeping the nation

q: Why was there never an Aladdin 4?
a: Because he kept on rubbing the wrong lamp.

q: [Cringe] Why did the farmer bandage the goat?
a: Because it was "bleat"ing... 

q: Why are black people tall?
a: Because they knee grows.. 

q: Do you want to hear a bad cat joke?
a: Just kitten

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico?
a: They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.

q: Why couldn't Mozart find his mentor?
a: Because he was Haydn

q: What did Chad Kroeger say after leaving a concert of Justin Bieber?
a: I want my Nickleback....

q: Which race is the most racist?
a: The human one.

q: Did you hear of that new app where people meat ?
a: It's called tender 

q: What do you call a black man flying a plane?
a: Pilot. You racist fuck.

q: How bad is Hillary Clinton?
a: Hillary Clinton is so bad, she has a pantsuit made out of Ed Gein.

q: Did you hear about the antennas that got married?
a: The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent. 

q: What do you call a terrorist on the moon?
a: A problem. What do you call when 3 terrorists are on the moon? A problem. What do you call when all the terrorists are on the moon? A solution.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a spear?
a: A spear has a point!

q: Why did the slut go to the dentist?
a: Because she had a cavity that needs filling!

q: What do you call a meme war?
a: Dat bout

q: What's the worst thing to hear after blowing Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."

q: What do you call a potato from Colorado?
a: A baked potato

q: What is the most painful Russian dance?
a: Tchaikovsky's  .

q: How many psychologists does it take to change a tire?
a: Just one, but first the tire really has to want to change. 

q: Why is it so hard to pronounce words in Welsh?
a: It is the language of Wales.

q: Did you hear about the one-armed man that robbed the bank?
a: He did it single-handedly.

q: Why was the physics teacher and the biology teacher always fighting?
a: They didn't have any chemistry. 

q: What do you call it when Batman leaves church early?
a: Christian Bale

q: How do you exorcise a demon?
a: Make him run a lap then do 10 push-ups and sit-ups

q: Did you hear the one about the statistician?
a: Probably

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and /r/Jokes?
a: Nothing. They both manage to stay popular despite a whole load of crap.

q: What's the definition of trust?
a: Two cannibals giving each other blowjobs. 

q: Why is the washing machine so grumpy?
a: It keeps getting agitated

q: What's the number ten's favorite Spanish phrase?
a: Diez mio!

q: Have you seen Finding Dory?
a: Have you seen Finding Dory?

q: What President of the United States smells the worst?
a: The-Odor-e Roosevelt.

q: Why was the Jack-o-Lantern afraid to cross the road?
a: He had no guts!

q: Why are orphans bad at baseball?
a: They have no idea where home is.

q: Statistics show almost 54,000 women are abused every year. Do you know what they have in common?
a: They don't fucking listen!!

q: What's the difference between the US election and sex?
a: During sex it's fun to choose between asshole and cunt.

q: What do you call a company that delivers delicious fruit baskets and also has sex with your mom?
a: Oedipal Arrangements

q: Why did the Console peasant cross the Road?
a: To render the Building on the other Side

q: If a dog ran away every three nights and had an orange tail, what would that make it?
a: I think it would still be a dog...

q: What do the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Titanic have in common?
a: They both look good until they hit the ice.

q: What do French people say after they've gone to the bathroom?
a: ...Au revoir poo poo

q: Why did Bob Dylan win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
a: He sure as shit wasn't gonna get it for singing.

q: What do you get when you have Windows and Mac OS X dual booting from the same computer?
a: A co-operating system.

q: What looks like half an apple?
a: The other half

q: whats the best part of having sex with a transvestite?
a: When you reach around it feels like you went all the way through. 

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino?
a: I don't know but it's not rhelephant. 

q: Whats the difference between a poodle humping your leg and a pit bull humping your leg?
a: You let the pit bull finish.

q: Why did the jalapeo put on a sweater?
a: It was a little chile!!

q: What do you call a male cow that eats hamburgers?
a: A cannibull..ha..ha..?

q: How could a leper afford a nice house?
a: It cost an arm and a leg

q: What's a Canadian's favorite footwear?
a: Aboot

q: Why could Jesus walk on water?
a: Shit floats.

q: Whats would happens if you added Hillary Clinton and the USA and subtracted an A?
a: I dont know but it would be Hillary Us.

q: Why can't the man take his job seriously?
a: Because he's a clown!  Buh bum tis

q: What do you call a sprouted sweet potato that has somehow gained sentience?
a: Donald J. Trump

q: From how high can you drop an egg onto a concrete floor without breaking it?
a: Higher than you would think, the structural integrity of a well laid concrete floor renders it virtually indestructible towards an incoming egg, even at terminal velocity.

q: Did you hear about the guy who snorted curry powder?
a: He fell into a korma

q: Why does mohamed goes out with an explosive device?
a: To bring it back to samsung, you racist.

q: What is an Italian Pirate's favourite food?
a: SpARGHetti

q: Why do Autonomous cars have steering wheels?
a: You have to hold on to something, when the shit hits the fan. ;->

q: Why do flamingos stand on one leg?
a: Because if they didn't they'd fall over.

q: What does a flame smell like?
a: Burnt nose hair.

q: What do spiders eat in France?
a: French flys

q: What do a glass of water and an Atheist have in common?
a: Jesus can make them both wine.

q: Why didn't Mark Hamill go crazy while voice acting as the Joker?
a: Because he overcame the dark side

q: Why is a 77 better than a 69?
a: Because you get   ate more

q: Did you hear about the trial of the jurisprudence fetishist?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: What's Kevin Durant's go-to garment?
a: A choker.

q: Why is the long term liability sad?
a: Because it is aLOAN

q: What did the atom say to the other atom?
a: Let's bond!

q: What's the most environmentally friendly subreddit?
a: . Everything there is recycled, including this post.

q: Why does everyone love Plato?
a: Because he loved Dogs and he had two sons named Plato and Socrates

q: Whats the best way to stop a runaway horse?
a: Bet on it.

q: What do racists say during sex?
a: "Hard R! HARD R!" 

q: What's difference between Jesse Owens and Adolf Hilter?
a: Owens can finish a race.

q: What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
a: the snowBALLS

q: Did you know putting your water damaged phone in a cup of rice can fix it?
a: The rice will then attract Asians who can repair it for you.

q: What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?
a: Guurrhggrgrh

q: Why are condoms and bungee-jumping similar?
a: You're screwed if the rubber breaks.

q: What do you call a bear who is athletically flexible?
a: Yogi

q: Jacklyn's mom has four kids, two have been kidnapped by Isis, how many does she have left?
a: 4, but 2 have bomb straps.

q: Who wouldn't let the gorilla in the ballet?
a: Just... the person responsible for making those decisions...

q: What does a Muslim man tell his wife when she eats bacon?
a: HARAM BAE

q: what did Freud say about an algebraic equation?
a: What you do to one side, you must also do to your mother

q: What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of Coke?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo fall out of a window 

q: What does Hitler do to his one-night stands?
a: Blitz it and quit it.

q: What do men and Subway have in common?
a: They both exaggerate the length.

q: As a Jew, am I allowed to eat McDonalds today?
a: Yes, I know it's Yom Kippur. But McDonalds is fast food.

q: What do Grill Cosby and Grill Clinton have in common?
a: Grape!

q: What do you call it, when Trump and Hillary argue who has the better smile?
a: A presi  debate.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a shit-flinging monkey?
a: The shit-flinging monkey has better hair.

q: DOCTOR: why did you take your antibiotics at 6 am instead of 9:00 AM as prescribed?
a: PATIENT: I wanted to surprise the bacteria by Surgical Attack.

q: Why don't we see more midget actors?
a: I guess you can say that they are in short supply these days.

q: What's between a cunt and an asshole?
a: The tainted presidential election.

q: How many Gentlesirs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: "Screw is such a harsh word, M'Lightbulb. I have too much respect for lamps to use it." <Tips fedora>

q: Do you remember the "Hold a coke with your boobs" challenge ?
a: It was a trend a while back to promote awareness for breast cancer. I'm just glad a similar stunt wasn't pulled for prostate cancer.

q: What is the difference between a dirty bus stop, and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean.

q: What do you call a deer with no eyes ?
a: No idea :)

q: How many 'Suh Dudes' does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. Its already lit, fam.

q: Who did Hitler rule Nazi Germany with?
a: His Reich hand man

q: What's the worst kind of incompetent?
a: Leader.

q: What's the problem when your wife walks out of the kitchen?
a: The chain is too long.

q: What do you call a math class full of SJW's?
a: Triggernometry.

q: What do you call a #robot stranded in the ocean?
a: A row bot.

q: What Pokmon does the best with the ladies?
a: Charm-ander

q: What do you call a pothead that breaks up with his girlfriend?
a: Homeless 

q: If Trump and Clinton were stranded on a desert island, who would survive?
a: America.

q: What's a scary costume for Halloween?
a: College tuition 

q: I'm two months pregnant now. When will my baby move?
a: With any luck, right after it finishes college.

q: What did the baby otter say when it walked into the club?
a: Ouch

q: What do Canadians drink when the beer is all gone?
a: Hard eh.

q: Why were the Ten Commandments so powerful?
a: Because they were set in stone.

q: How did the psychologist die?
a: He Freudian slipped.

q: Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho?
a: Because Jericho wants to break the walls down

q: What happened to r/showerthoughts?
a: They went down the drain. 

q: What's an abusive parents favorite vegetable?
a: A sunchoke.

q: Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy?
a: He was too far out, man.

q: What do engineers use for birth control?
a: Their personality.

q: Which is the most communist vegetable?
a: The soviet Onion

q: How do you turn a duck into a popular soul singer?
a: Stick it in microwave and turn it on until it's Bill Withers. 

q: Interviewer: What would you say is your greatest weakness?
a: Achilles:   

q: Whay does the sign on an out-of-business brothel say?
a: Beat it. We're closed.

q: Why did the Mexican take Xanax?
a: For Hispanic attacks.

q: How can you tell if it is a Salvador Dali painting?
a: One of the clouds in the background is blowing another one. 

q: What do you call an Arab who has a ripped body??
a: Osama Bin Liftin 

q: What do you call a chicken coup with more than two doors?
a: A chicken sedan.

q: What do a pizza delivery driver and a gynecologist have in common?
a: They both have to smell it, but neither of them can eat it

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
a: One of them is a rape apologist who'd sell out the country for a cheap buck, the other one is Donald Trump. 

q: How do you kill a blonde?
a: Put a scratch n' sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.

q: Why was Amazon angry after their conference with Samsung?
a: After taking Notes, they realized their was no way they could sell the Fire.

q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
a: Donald Trump thinks a clean personal server is a showered Mexican.

q: Can vegetarians eat pudding?
a: 'Cause I heard that you can't have any pudding unless you eat your meat.

q: Why did the crip cross the road?
a: Chuz

q: Why is Hillary Clinton running for President?
a: Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement. 

q: Whad did the scales show on the screen when the person steeped on them?
a: Please weight a second.

q: What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold?
a: One of you is a sick duck, and I forget the rest, but your mother's a whore!

q: How do you discipline your pet rock?
a: You hit rock bottom!

q: Why can't the T-rex clap its hands?
a: Because it's dead.

q: What dinosaur was in the most pain?
a: the tyranno-sorest rex

q: Want to hear my favorite joke?
a: 729271

q: Why can't you hear Michelle Pfeiffer use the restroom?
a: Because her pee is silent. 

q: What does Pokemon Go and a policeman have in common?
a: You gotta catch Jamal

q: What do you call a nose without a body?
a: Nobody knows.

q: Why didn't the monk sell his temple?
a: Thought of this one on my own while playing WoW a couple days ago and I'm pretty sure it hasn't been told before. I  like corny jokes. I Googled it and didn't find anything (:

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of Tic Tac?
a: ..... Tempermint

q: what's the best part about fucking twenty five year olds?
a: There's twenty of them

q: How many chicken eggs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Literally dozens.

q: Have you tried Gatorade's newest sports drink, F5?
a: It's very refreshing

q: What do you call a gnome who dresses nice?
a: A metronome!

q: What sport can Batman best Superman in?
a: Polo

q: How many babies does it take to shingle a roof?
a: It depends on how thinly you slice them. 

q: What do you call the god of cheese?
a: Cheesus

q: What did the executioner say to his wife when he left?
a: I'll beheading out now. 

q: Hey baby are you today's date?
a: Cuz you're a 10/10

q: What do you call a lawyer from krypton?
a: Sue-per Man

q: Why'd the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
a: Tequila.

q: What's black and dosent work?
a: Half of London 

q: Which is faster to unload, a truckload of bricks or a truckload of dead kittens?
a: Dead kittens.  Can't get a pitchfork into the bricks.

q: Hey girl, are you tired of these 10/10 jokes?
a: So am I. It was kinda funny the first time but now they're just annoying.

q: why netflix and chill?
a: Because amazon and chill has 1 day delivery.

q: Are you today's date?
a: Cause you're 10/10. 

q: Are you my date today?
a: Because you're 10/10

q: What Do You Call A Syrian Mother, Father, And Child That Live Together?
a: A nuclear family

q: What do you call a lion with a fancy hat?
a: A dandy lion.

q: How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.

q: What would be a good name for my daughter who is a synth?
a: Synthia 

q: What do you call a schizophrenic in a white dress?
a: Your Holiness.

q: What my iPhone and Steve Jobs have in common?
a: They are both dead...

q: Which state has the worst carbonated drinks?
a: Menace-Soda.

q: What did the ghost say when he got to the halloween party?
a: Im here for the boos. 

q: How many apples grow on a tree?
a: All of them

q: What do you call a cross between a penguin and a cow?
a: Pregnant 

q: Who would survive if Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were in an airplane crash?
a: America

q: What was the last thing Beethoven accomplished?
a: Decomposing

q: How do Soviet prison mates greet each other?
a: Gulag to you too.

q: What's the difference between a New Yorker and a Canadian?
a: A New Yorker takes the A train; a Canadian takes the train, eh.

q: Why did the suicide bomber die a virgin?
a: His Samsung Galaxy had a premature detonation.

q: How many Friend Zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.

q: Why is my Tetris highscore like my wife?
a: I beat both of them for fun.

q: Why don't Arab women need Insurance?
a: Because they are already covered.

q: Why did Moses see a burning bush as God?
a: Because God planned on giving him his first tablets then.  The mistake? They were Samsung Galaxy Note tablets.

q: What does ABC stand for?
a: American dyslexia association.

q: How did the farmer deal with the stubborn sheep's wool?
a: With shear willpower

q: What do you call it if an illegal immigrant fights a sex offender?
a: Alien vs. Predator 

q: What do you call a walking talking rat?
a: Keemstar

q: What is the difference between a dog and a cat?
a: Kevin still doesn't know.

q: What did the ghost say to the other ghost at the Halloween party?
a: Let's get sheet-faced!

q: How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Apparently more than 40, because my basement's still dark

q: How does a blonde count a thousand sheep?
a: She counts the legs, and divides by 4. 

q: How do you tell a bad joke from a good joke?
a: You skip the punchline.

q: What happened when two hydrogen atoms collided?
a: The doctor had to heal-ium.

q: What kind of insect gets triggered on tumblr?
a: A butthurtfly 

q: What do you call an Asian lobster?
a: A crustasian

q: What do you call a cow with no sense of humor ?
a: A feminist 

q: How can you tell you live in an Asian part of town?
a: All the Mexicans have car insurance.

q: What's the most sensitive part of a man's body when he's masturbating?
a: His ears.

q: How great would it be to make my hobby my profession?
a: I just haven't come across a well paying spermbank yet.

q: What is worse, balancing on a 100meter high rope or getting a BJ from a man?
a: Its both not that bad, you just shouldnt look down.

q: What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?
a: One snatches your watch the other watches your snatch.

q: What does the drug dealer make sure to do?
a: Weed out only the best suppliers

q: What do you get when you cross and owl with a bungee cord?
a: My ass! (For all you Kung pow lovers out there)

q: Whats the definition of trust?
a: Two cannibals giving each other a blow job.

q: What was the first thing Hitler bought from the beauty shop?
a: Polish remover

q: Girl: If I climbed all the way to the top of Mt. Everest, what'd you give me?
a: Boy: A push

q: Damn girl are you a smoke detector?
a: Because you're super annoying and wont shut the fuck up.

q: He's dumb, doesn't speak, eats and sleeps but saved the world many times. Who is he?
a: Crash Bandicoot God I miss this guy.

q: Do you want to know why black people commit so much crime?
a: Because I want to know why you are so racist for clicking on this.

q: Why did psychotherapist cross the road?
a: Totake partinthe second debate.

q: What do a Florida hurricane, a Kansas tornado, and an Arkansas divorce have in common?
a: Some poor sap's gonna lose a trailer.

q: What's the difference between Superman and Supergirl?
a: Supergirl has good fundamentals and great passes but she can't dunk.

q: What do you call an ex-military white supremacist?
a: A veteran-aryan

q: What's the difference between a captain and a lt.col ?
a: A major difference. 

q: Who makes more money, a hooker, or a drug dealer?
a: The hooker, because she can wash her crack and sell it again

q: What did the depressed philosopher say?
a: I drink because I am.

q: You ever hear about the Polish terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
a: he burned his lips on the exhaust pipe

q: Q: Does an elephant ever forget?
a: Q: Does an elephant ever forget? A: Only if you loan him money.

q: What do you call a pile of cats?
a: A meowntain.

q: Why are we seeing the creepy clowns all over the country?
a: Being in many states and seen on all types of media is how they run for president. 

q: Remember Doodle-Bob from Spongebob?
a: So do I, guy was Sketchy as hell. 

q: What is an umbrella doing in the shower?
a: Practicing

q: Wanna hear a good one?
a: The current choices America has for the job of president. 

q: Did you know that humans eat more bananas than monkeys?
a: In 2015 humans consumed 65 million tons of bananas and only 8 monkeys.

q: What is the biggest joke in the world as of now?
a: The current US presidential election

q: Is Google a he or a she?
a: A she, no doubt, because it wont let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas. (no offence to ladies) 

q: If all the 7 days were to get in a fight, who would win?
a: Either Saturday or Sunday, because all others are week days.

q: Why did Amy Schumer go to a psychic?
a: Because it's the only way she'll ever get near a medium.

q: What's the biggest joke of 2016?
a: Look a bit to the right.

q: Why do lesbians only shop at REI?
a: Because they don't like Dick's.

q: Why are cats so afraid of cucumbers?
a: Because they're 96% water

q: What's the difference between men and women when it comes to drinking?
a: My boys drive me to drink, but women drive me to drink.

q: What's the difference between purple and pink?
a: The grip.

q: Who do you vote for if Trump drops out of the race?
a: Write in The Pussy

q: Why did the man sleep under the tractor?
a: Because he wanted to wake up oily.

q: Whats the best way to get over a girl?
a: Get under another one

q: [META] Are we getting DV Brigaded?
a: I noticed that on a couple of posts nearly every single comment was below threshold. Was that a thing that just... happened? Or are people from 4chan or something brigading us?

q: Why do Norwegians drive Chevys?
a: They're afraid of drowning in a Fjord.

q: What do you call someone who doesn't know how to party?
a: Illiterate Edit: like il-lit-erate

q: Why does no one buy food for a platypus?
a: They always have a big bill!

q: What's the difference between Turkey and Duck?
a: Duck doesn't deny the Armenian Genocide.

q: What Does Stephen Hawking have in common with Rosie O'Donnell?
a: Neither of them has anything going on below the waist.

q: What happens when you tell a sexist joke to a feminist mod?
a: [Removed]

q: What do you call a computer that sings?
a: A Dell

q: Why did the rock go to the therapist?
a: Because it wanted to be a little boulder.

q: Why didn't the Mexican go now hunting?
a: Because he didn't habanero.

q: Did you hear about the auntie who plugged her electric blanket into the toaster?
a: She kept popping out of bed

q: Whats the difference between Electricians and Technicians?
a: You don't have electricians that are colour blind! 

q: What happens when a dick meets a hardass?
a: Well... Fuck.

q: How did the Allies have time to prepare D-Day?
a: Because Russia was Stalin

q: Why did the guy spend the entire day throwing out his surplus of herbs?
a: He had too much thyme on his hands.

q: Have you heard about the new male birth control pill?
a: You put it in your shoe and it makes you limp.

q: Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
a: It wasn't born yesterday. 

q: What was the slutty princess full of?
a: Kingdom come

q: So how's the sex life?
a: Two fellows are catching up over a pint.  Neither one of them are in the best of shape.  The older fellow says, "Well now that you've been married a few years, how is the sex life?" The younger fellow says, "The wife calls me Vin Diesel when we are in the sack." The older fellow looks him up and down, thinks for a minute, scratches his chin, and replies, "I'm not seeing the connection." The younger one sits straight with pride, "Because when we are getting busy, she says I'm fast and furious!"

q: Why is North America so salty?
a: Because its Na.

q: In what state were the women bill cosby raped ?
a: In the unconscious state

q: What do you call a 1,000 pound woman sitting on a bar stool?
a: A half-ton pickup.

q: Which clown has killed the most people?
a: Ronald McDonald

q: Why shouldn't you go to Africa if your scared of robots?
a: Botswana kill you

q: How do you think the unthinkable?
a: With an ithberg

q: What's the difference between anal and oral?
a: Oral will make your whole day, Anal will make your hole weak

q: what do you call a chinese millionaire?
a: Cha Ching

q: What do you get when you cross a Hell's Angel with a Jehovah's Witness?
a: Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.

q: Have you heard about the new TV show NBC is working on with Donald Trump?
a: It's called: "To Catch a President".

q: Why does Trump watch the Olympics?
a: To see how high Mexicans can jump

q: What do you call an italian pro-gun activist?
a: Pro-shooto

q: How do tennis players decide who serves first?
a: By having sex...  First come first serve

q: What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor?
a: Make me one with everything

q: What do you call a Norse god after a workout?
a: Thor

q: What do you call a man with no body and a nose ?
a: Nobody knows!

q: What do emos say at good parties?
a: It slit.

q: Why don't people eat clocks?
a: It's too time consuming.

q: What do jews and people of GTA have in common?
a: You get chased if you have a star

q: Did you hear about the magical tractor?
a: It turned into a field

q: What is Al Qaeda's favourite team?
a: New York Jets

q: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
a: About halfway

q: How do you count cows?
a: You use a cow-culator. Or you round them up. Or any other method the commenters want.

q: Why did the fishing boat captain hire an all Mexican crew?
a: Because in the interview they answered every question with "sea senor"

q: What's the coldest type of reptile?
a: Blizzards. 

q: What do the trees say when it rains?
a: Oh, what a relief! 

q: What do you call a heavy punch from Beyonce?
a: A Sasha Fierce!

q: What's something you can drive, but also throw?
a: A Fit!!!!!!!!!!

q: What university department did the Fonz go do when he needed help paying his tuition?
a: Financial Ayyyyyyd I'll

q: What do you call Bigfoot when he has an attitude?
a: A sass-squatch.

q: What is it called when a chemist has a really great winter break?
a: Litmus

q: Why did the dog go to the hospital?
a: He was feeling ruff.

q: What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
a: One makes your whole week, the other makes your hole weak.

q: Why did the aquarium have an existential crisis when the dolphins were released to the wild?
a: It lost its porpoise. 

q: How did NASCAR get that name?
a: Redneck: 'That's nascar ye got there."

q: Why are black people so fast?
a: Since they run away from lions , but he nearest village is 10km away.....

q: Did you hear about that new jewish barista?
a: Hebrews coffee

q: What Did Ezio's Girlfriend Say to Him After Sex?
a: Ubisoft.

q: Why did the corn maze go back to school?
a: It was tired of working in a dead end field.

q: Whats the difference between a hippie and a trampoline?
a: You take your boots off before you jump on a trampoline. 

q: Why didn't the Middle Eastern man go to jail?
a: Because hijab his wife, but nobody cared.

q: Why are basketball players so tall?
a: They're knee grows.

q: Did you hear about the rash of manhole cover thefts?
a: They're calling it the Great Drain Robbery

q: Why did the storm trooper return his iPhone?
a: Because it wasn't the droid he was looking for!

q: Wanna hear my campfire jokes?
a: They're straight fire Wanna hear s'more? I deal crackers by the graham

q: What does a blanket say to the other after a game of chess?
a: Well plaid.

q: Why were the Medieval centuries known as the Dark Ages?
a: It was the knight time

q: What do you call a fly without wings?
a: (Paste unoriginal joke here)

q: Have you heard my construction joke?
a: I'm working on it.

q: What do you call a cat in love?
a: Romeow

q: What Did The Muslim Terminator Say?
a: Allah Be Back. 

q: What does an aging Mafia boss do for his birthday?
a: Forget about it.

q: What type of cancer is an anarchist immune to?
a: Prostate

q: Do you have any naked pictures of your wife?
a: No? Would you like to buy some?

q: Did you know that my grandpa died in Auschwitz?
a: He fell from the guard tower.

q: Why do accountants make good lovers?
a: Q: Why do accountants make good lovers?  A: They're great with figures.

q: Why did the blonde tip-toe near the medicine cabinet?
a: Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.

q: Why are there no black magicians?
a: They get arrested when they make something disappear.

q: What's the difference between a camera and a foot?
a: A camera has photos and a foot has five toes. (Told to me by a 9 year old child I work with)

q: What's with everyone being scared of clowns recently?
a: Americas already got two running for president.

q: What are Jehovah witnesses called in Chinese?
a: Dind Dong

q: How do you know you've been burgled by asians?
a: You come home to find your math homework was done, your computer was upgraded, and they're still trying to back down the driveway.

q: What's great about having sex with twenty-two-year-olds?
a: It's totally legal and not creepy you sick weirdos. 

q: What did the hill that was counting its pocket change say to the other hill?
a: "Don't worry, I'm just amounting.

q: What's it called when Batman walks out of church?
a: Christian Bale Hah

q: What makes you really cool?
a: Getting locked inside a walk-in freezer

q: Why don't Jehovah Witnesses like Halloween?
a: Because they don't like random people knocking on their doors

q: What programs do cultists watch shows on?
a: Ct-hulu

q: What do me and Subway have in common?
a: 12 inches

q: Hey, are you cold?
a: Go over to the corner, it's 90 degress

q: Why was the baby late to his 5'clock appointment?
a: 'cause he had shit to do.

q: Want to hear a dirty joke?
a: Sam played in the mud. Want to hear a clean joke? Sam took a bath with Bubbles. Want to hear another dirty joke? Bubbles is the girl next door. Enjoy this middle school level joke I suddenly remembered for some reason. 

q: In a farmers market, Farmer A sells pumpkins, Farmer B sells strawberries, what does Farmer C sell?
a: Medicine ... runs off ...

q: Why is black comedy important?
a: Because black laughs matter

q: What does a microcontroller say when it can't answer a question?
a: Ardunno

q: Have you heard of global warming?
a: It's a hot new trend.

q: What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence?
a: A cat has claws at the end of its paws. A complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.

q: What do you call a stabilizing greek?
a: A.... GYROScope

q: What's does an extractor fan sound like?
a: .... I used to love tractors 

q: Why are schoolhouse red?
a: You'd be red too if you had 8 periods a day.

q: If dad's get dad jokes, what do mom's do?
a: The dishes!

q: Why does Santa Clause have no children?
a: Because you only comes one a year and its down a chimney!

q: Why do Jews have big noses?
a: cuz air is free

q: Why do jews have such big noses?
a: Because oxygen is free

q: Whats the last thing that goes thru a bugs mind as he hits the windshield?
a: Whats the last thing that goes thru a bugs mind as he hits the windshield? His butt.

q: What did the man say when he ran out of clothes?
a: Oh dear, it seems I'm shirt on clothes.

q: Why did the policeman smell bad?
a: Why did the policeman smell bad? He was on duty.

q: What console did Nintendo make for special ed kids?
a: The Nintendo Wii-Tard 

q: What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?
a: They both have the same middle name.

q: What's pink and smells of ginger?
a: Fred Astaire's finger.

q: What do you call an average ogre?
a: Mediogre.

q: Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
a: Because they are ugly and they stink.

q: What does a nosey pepper do?
a: Gets jalapeno business!

q: What is an orthodox Jew's biggest dilemma?
a: Free pork.

q: How do you circumsise a redneck?
a: Kick his sister in the chin.

q: What is 13 inches long, has a purple head and makes a woman scream all night long?
a: Crib death.

q: What is the life motto of a Frenchman?
a: No gain no pain.

q: What do you call a Latino eating canned lunch meat?
a: hiSPAMic

q: Why did Eddie Albert have to go to the dentist?
a: Because he had Green Acres!

q: What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye?
a: Chicken Caesar salad.

q: What do you call a charred exotic psychic?
a: A rare medium well done. 

q: Why do programmers get Halloween and Christmas mixed up?
a: Because Oct31 = Dec25

q: Why did Thor decide to sleep in?
a: He was up all night to Get Loki.

q: Why did the fly fly?
a: Because the spider spied'er. (SFW)

q: What do grapes and a bicycle both have in common?
a: They both have handlebars! Well.. Except for the grapes..

q: Did you hear the one about improv?
a: Yeah. And?

q: Why didn't the Mexican guy at work take out the trash at work when I asked him?
a: He had  -ity!

q: Whats better then getting a gold medal in the Paralympics?
a: Walking. 

q: Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: Did you hear about those new corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines...

q: What does a gay bear and The World Series have in common?
a: They can never have Cubs! 

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest?
a: A suicide vest will blow you

q: What do classical pianists take with them to the grocery store?
a: Their Chopin Liszt 

q: What happens when a feminist shoots a gun?
a: The gun gets triggered.

q: Why is one side of the flying-V longer than the other?
a: Because there's more birds in it.

q: Why wasn't the droid hungry?
a: Because BB8

q: How do you have sex with a vegetable?
a: Ask if they want to-mate-O.

q: What does Bill Cosby have in common with Ninjas?
a: Their victims never see them coming.

q: How many feminist does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None because feminist can't change anything.

q: What's the quickest way to a man's heart?
a: Through the chest plate.

q: What do r/jokes and my dads jokes have in common?
a: They don't get better with age 

q: Whats the difference between dynamite and a banana?
a: banana is yellow,dynamite is red

q: What is the difference between Elon musk and Tony Stark?
a: Stark industries has actually turned a profit

q: What is it when a man talks nasty to a woman?
a: Sexual harassment. What is it when a woman talks nasty to a man?  $3.99 a minute

q: How do you catch a unique bunny?
a: Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bunny? The tame way.

q: Why are camels bad at sex?
a: They can only get up to two humps

q: How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween?
a: They Pump Kin.

q: Why does Oedipus hate profanity?
a: He kisses his mother with that mouth.

q: What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke?
a: Timing

q: Why did Jesus have a six pack?
a: It was from all the cross-training...

q: Have you got a Masturbation addiction?
a: Message me, and we can beat it together

q: What's Michelle's favourite vegetable?
a: Barackoli (I'm sorry I'll leave now...)

q: How does a French soldier greet his comrades?
a: Salut!

q: Whats the difference between a terrorist and a woman with PMS?
a: You can negotiate with a terrorist.

q: What did the lipstick and the eye-shadow do after they got into a fight?
a: Had makeup sex

q: How do four whores sit on one chair?
a: They turn it over.

q: What did the Shetland Pony say when asked if his cough had cleared up?
a: "Yes, thanks, but I'm still a little horse."

q: Why are black people so tall?
a: Because their knee grows.

q: What happens when you wear radioactive Russian underpants?
a: Cher nob'll fall out.

q: What is good about being Swiss?
a: Well, the flag is a big plus.

q: What is big and brown and plays the accordion?
a: Lawrence Elk

q: What's the difference between babies and boomerangs?
a: If you throw a boomerang correctly, it will come back...

q: What do you call an underwater owl?
a: Owlnderwater

q: Why are asians bad at football?
a: They are always going the Wong way.

q: Why are the cops shooting so many black men?
a: There's plenty of Mexicans to shoot too. Yeah I'm going to hell for that one.

q: What do you tell a person with two swollen eyes ?
a: Nothing, you already told 'em twice.

q: What has four legs and goes 'Boo'?
a: A cow with a cold.

q: How long is a china-man?
a: Excuse the question mark, "How Long" is in fact a china man.

q: What do Boobs and Lego have in common?
a: Both are intended for children, but it's the Dads who end up playing with them most.

q: How did I escape Iraq?
a: Iran

q: How did Feminism start?
a: With an unlocked kitchen door

q: what do you call a mexican on the moon ?
a: an Astronaut you Racist

q: Anton, do you think Im a bad mother?
a: My name is Paul.

q: How can you tell if a pedophile is Jewish?
a: "Hey little kid!  Want to buy some candy?"

q: A joke for you Europeans: What do you call the border between humanity and animals?
a: The Mediterranean Sea 

q: What's the most common view of porn?
a: In HD.

q: Why couldn't the police arrest the robber on the second floor?
a: Because he took the stairs.

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
a: Zero

q: What did Chris Brown's dad say to him after the Rihanna incident?
a: "Son, it's better to knock her out than to knock her up!"

q: How do you catch digital fish?
a: With clickbait, of course!

q: What types of jokes grow on you?
a: They ones that go viral. I'll see my self out. 

q: What did the Jamaican say was his favourite country?
a: yea-mon

q: What do you call a can after it completes college?
a: A graduated cylinder.

q: Why was the Mexican bad at archery?
a: He didn't habanero

q: What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
a: Aye Matey

q: Why did Horse Santa put his dentist on the naughty list?
a: You don't look a gift horse in the mouth.

q: What's the difference between Sugar and Sweet'N Low?
a: Sugar is on the lips. :-)

q: Why did the can crusher quit his job?
a: Because it was soda-pressing

q: If a fire fighter has two eyes, then what does a ballerina have?
a: Two, too

q: Why didn't the parrot want the black guy to buy him?
a: Polly want a Cracker. 

q: What do fat people in Syria need?
a: Aleppo suction.

q: What did the penis say to the condom???
a: Cover me, I'm going in

q: What's the difference between novocaine and an index finger?
a: One's a digit divisible by two, the other is a prime number.

q: What do you call a Santa Claus who kidnaps people?
a: Santa Clown

q: Why didn't the Mexican go bow hunting?
a: Because he didn't habanero

q: What do snitches and cuts have in common?
a: They both get stitches 

q: Why do some find the postal service offensive?
a: Because the postal service assumes items being shipped are male.

q: Why do elephants have 4 feet?
a: Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do

q: How do they package bread at the bakery?
a: They baguette.

q: Have you heard what they're now calling Pokemon Go?
a: Pokemon Went.

q: Whats the difference between a cat and a comma?
a: A cat has claws at the end of its paws and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.

q: Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the party?
a: I told her that drinks were on the house

q: What do you call a dinosaur who just got out of a relationship?
a: Tyrannosaurus Ex

q: How do you kill a group of clowns?
a: You go for the juggler.

q: You know what's really dumb?
a: Directions on toilet paper. Whats dumber than that? Reading them. Even dumber? Reading them and learning something. Dumbest of all? Reading them and having to correct something youve been doing wrong.

q: What do you call a Mexican with small muscles?
a: No whey Jos.

q: What's that one room zombies can never enter?
a: the LIVING room

q: What would a child call a Nazi porta-potty?
a: Wasist das! (Dass; an outhouse)

q: Whar would Samuel Langhorne Clemens' alias be if he wrote country music?
a: Mark 

q: What happened to the German man's luggage?
a: It was Lufthansa plane

q: What's the worst part about eating out a grandma?
a: Have you ever pulled apart a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: Have you heard the rumor going around about butter?
a: Never mind. I shouldn't spread it.

q: So two Douches decide to park next to each other, how many spaces do they take up?
a: Six, Six Spaces

q: What do you call an alligator in a vest?
a: An investigator!

q: Why's it so hard for blind people to commit crimes?
a: Because they can't see.

q: What's grey and can't swim?
a: A castle

q: What does the pirates 5 trailer and the iPhone 7 have in common?
a: There's no jack 

q: What do you tell your wife with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, you already told her twice.

q: Why does the ejaculating turtle appear to be getting larger?
a: It's cumming tortoise 

q: What does an Aboriginal couple practice once a month?
a: Oral tradition

q: Why did the scarecrow win an award?
a: For being out standing in his field.

q: What do you call your favorite 80's pop star floating dead in the harbor?
a: David Buoy

q: What's the only thing you can say when the Chinese Restaurant over booked your reservation?
a: Welp. You dim sum, you lose some

q: What do you call a cross between a skunk, a wolverine, and a porcupine?
a: "Sir" from a distance.

q: Did you hear about the guy who fell in a vat at the eyeglass factory?
a: He really made a spectacle of himself.

q: hi What did the stork say to the couple?
a: Sorry mates Im out of babes (its a linguistic joke)

q: What do you call a Med School student who graduates with all C's?
a: A Doctor.

q: What does a chef with a chronic masturbation issue cook?
a: Fapjacks!

q: What type of acid is best to use from time to time?
a: Periodic acid.

q: How did Barack propose to Michelle?
a: He got down on one knee and said, "I don't wanna be Obama self."

q: What's the difference between justice and relevant ethnic groups in America?
a: Justice isn't always black and white

q: Did you hear about that hole in the wall of the strip club?
a: The police are looking into it.

q: At what time in the day do rockets eat and why?
a: At noon because they take LAUNCH.

q: What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
a: He wiped his bum.

q: what time is it?
a: Time to get a watch

q: What did Tammy say after she refused to vaccinate her child?
a: "It's never to late to get an abortion."

q: Who is Santa Claus?
a: Because if in Spanish, "Santo" or "San" is used for male saints... (San Francisco, San Diego) And "Santa" is used for female saints... (Santa Monica, Santa Barbara) Wouldn't that make Santa Claus transsexual?

q: Does anyone know any good gags?
a: Said Kim's robber.

q: What do a Prius and a penis have in common?
a: Neither makes noise when pulling out.

q: How do you sell chocolate to a deaf/foreign person?
a: WOULD YOU LIKE TO BUY SOME CHOCOLATE?!

q: What do you call the male equivalent of a Feminist?
a: A chauvinistic pig.

q: What happened to Sponge Bob Square Pants when he broke up with his girlfriend?
a: He went back to square one....

q: Did you hear Kim Kardashian got robbed by two armed men?
a: They stole her diamonds and gold but left her with a pearl necklace.

q: Why did the cow tip over?
a: Excellent service. 

q: Why do we call sad people blue?
a: Because they're cyan.

q: How recognize a blonde's computer ?
a: There is correction fluid on screen.

q: What did the pirates say who stole Kim Kardashians jewelry?
a: We wanted her booty!

q: What are a musician's favourite letters?
a: P and O.

q: You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone?
a: That's your common sense leaving your body.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and Moby Dick?
a: Moby is just named Dick but Trump is an actual dick. 

q: What's the best part about a selfie stick?
a: You don't have to look far to find something to beat the user of one in the head. 

q: What do you call a jewish man?
a: By his name

q: How does a flower get pollinated?
a: Beez Nuts!

q: You hear the one about the cow that told too many jokes?
a: They say he was milking it.

q: Did you hear the one about the falling eggs?
a: It will crack you up I'll just go now

q: Why shouldn't you give Muslim Women drugs?
a: They'll get stoned. (Ba-dum tss)

q: What Does A Ghost Cow Say?
a: Moo!

q: Why didn't the bride and groom exchange their wedding vows?
a: TL;DR

q: How can you tell a sumo wrestler from a feminist?
a: A sumo wrestler shaves his legs.

q: Why is the magnet on medication?
a: Because it's bipolar

q: How many baby's does it take to paint a house?
a: Depends on how hard you throw them 

q: What do you call a gay couch?
a: A Homo-sectional

q: What did the one tree say to the other tree?
a: I'd best be leafing. 

q: Why does Dr Pepper come in a can?
a: Because his wife left him.

q: What kind of Ant lives in rented accommodation?
a: Tenants. 

q: Want to hear a joke?
a: Reddiquette

q: Why can't Helen Keller drive?
a: Because she's a woman

q: What do you call a spider that likes 80s music?
a: A Durantula. 

q: Why did the can-crusher quit his job?
a: Because it was soda pressing.

q: When is a door, not a door?
a: ...  when it's ajar.

q: What do you call a slightly incomplete Yahtzee set?
a: "Pair o' Dice Lost"

q: Did you hear about Syrian sex dolls?
a: They blow themselves up!

q: How are crayons like people?
a: The white ones are usually pretty pointless

q: What's a racists favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
a: Paint it, black!

q: How do feminists like their eggs cooked?
a: Ovary-Z

q: Did you hear about the physics student that committed suicide by jumping off a skyscraper?
a: What a shame. He had so much potential.

q: Why was the 6 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 was a registered six offender... that's not a laughing matter... 

q: what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview ?
a: the holocaust

q: What do you call a couple of moles drunk and high off sugar?
a: Molasses

q: What type of fruit can you not eat just one of?
a: A Pair!

q: How do you pick up a Jewish girl?
a: Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan

q: Did you hear about the 2 men who stole a calendar?
a: They each got 6 months.

q: What do you call a prostitute that does both men and women?
a: An omniwhore

q: what's the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral?
a: one guest

q: How do you get 100 Ethiopians in a phone box?
a: Throw a tin of beans in there ..... How do you get them back out of it? Run past with the tin opener .....

q: Why did Sarah fall off the swing?
a: ...because she didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's there?) ...not Sarah.

q: How is marijuana stock sold on the stock market?
a: Buy high sell higher.

q: Wats d height of hope?
a: It is: sitting in d exam hall, holding d question paper in hand n tellin ur self dude, dntg worry. Exams wilg get postponed!

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking ship in the middle of the ocean. Who survives?
a: AMERICA!

q: What do we want?
a: Race car noises. When do we want them? Neoooooooooooooooooooooow

q: What do you call a dizzy Asian?
a: Disoriented. 

q: Why do crowd control police go earlier to work?
a: To beat the crowd.

q: Question: What's the difference between Joan of Arc and a canoe?
a: Question: What's the difference between Joan of Arc and a canoe? Answer: One is Maid of Orleans and the other is made of wood.

q: What do Dick Cheney and Jim Kelly have in common?
a: They both make bad hunters. 

q: Why are all the plants at the retirement home made of silk and plastic?
a: Because everything that stays there just ends up dying. 

q: What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?
a: Dam!

q: What do Tempurpedic mattresses and raptors have in common?
a: "They remember"

q: Hey There's 20 Letters in The Alphabet Right?
a: "Hey there's 20 letters in the alphabet right?" "Umm, actually there's 26." "Oh, I forgot U R A Q T." "That's sweet, but you're missing a letter." "Oh don't worry, you'll get the D later."

q: Do know what a honeymoon salad is?
a: Lettuce alone and no dressing. Picked from the Stephen Colbert show.

q: Why did the stand up comic quit comedy to become a obstetrician?
a: He needed to work on his delivery.

q: Did you here what the waiter did at the restaurant?
a: He waited

q: Why did the bodybuilder go to the vet?
a: Because his pythons were sick

q: hi What did the painter say to the paint can?
a: A lot of good you are . (the joke is that the paint can is empty)

q: Why was the sterile Grizzly upset?
a: Because he couldn't Bear children. 

q: hi What did the mime say to the wall?
a: Tough getting by these days .

q: How does the Asian chef get to work?
a: He woks.

q: what does the Jewish baker say when ba customer leaves his store?
a: Challah!

q: What did the raped dog said to the PETA activist?
a: Thank god I am not an African kid.

q: How do you turn a duck into a blues singer?
a: Leave it out in the sun until its Bill Withers 

q: What is a Canadian's favorite nirvana song?
a: All Apologies 

q: What salad is bad for your health?
a: Seizure salad. 

q: When is the Speech Therapy Class?
a: It's hard to say.

q: What do GTA and the third Reich have in common?
a: If you have a star, you are getting chased.

q: What do you call chips that aren't yours?
a: Nacho chips

q: What's the difference between Eric Clapton and a snooker player?
a: One plays with an electric guitar, the other a-cue-stick.

q: Do you know where multipliers are made?
a: In a factory.

q: What's a gay man's favorite planet?
a: Probably Earth, but if he's into colonizing other planets, maybe Mars.

q: How do you defeat a kappa?
a: Shoot to spill.

q: What do you call a stoner with Down's Syndrome?
a: A Baked Potato.

q: What type of martial arts do they practice in Israel?
a: Jew jitsu

q: why did hitler commit suicide?
a: Because he saw the gas bill (Thanks nofx)

q: Why is Rose sad?
a: Because there is no Jack in iPhone 7.

q: What do the wage gap and the story of Hercules have in common?
a: They're both myths.  EDIT: spelling

q: why are fish good astronauts?
a: They love trouter space!

q: Why was Miss Piggy sick for her show?
a: There was a frog in her throat. 

q: What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson?
a: Neil Armstrong walked ON the moon, and Michael Jackson had sex with kids. 

q: What does Trumps Hair and a Thong have in common..?
a: They both barely cover the asshole.

q: What do you call a group of geeks eating cupcakes?
a: The Hight-T department

q: What's the loudest noise in the world?
a: A skeleton masturbating in a biscuit tin 

q: Two black guys are in a car, who's driving?
a: The cop

q: What did JFK Jr miss most about Martha's Vineyard?
a: The runway

q: What makes for a good first date?
a: NOT MOVIES

q: What's the difference between a black guy and snow tires?
a: Snow tires don't sing when you put their chains on.

q: How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida?
a: When the color of the license plates start to change. 

q: Do you know how many planets are in the solar system?
a: 7, after I destroy Uranus. 

q: What did Elon Musk get after his talk on colonizing Mars?
a: Shit questions.

q: What did the DNA say to the other DNA?
a: Do these genes make me look fat?

q: What was Beethovens favorite fruit?
a: BA-NA-NA-NAAAAAA!

q: Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens?
a: All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach 

q: What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected?
a: Americans.

q: Why don't call centers hire alligators?
a: They can't croco-dial the phones.

q: Where do rednecks eat in the city?
a: Hick-fil-a

q: Do you know what makes pink lemonade pink?
a: Strawberries. 

q: what do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards?
a: A receding hairline 

q: What do you call a political conservative woman who is required to always be there?
a: Amanda Tory

q: What is a pedophile's favorite musical note?
a: A Minor.

q: Did you hear about the orchestra that got electrocuted?
a: Some blame it on the conductor.

q: Why do Asians like to have military time on?
a: So they can do math

q: Did you guys see the score of the Egypt vs Ethiopia soccer match?
a: Egypt 8 ..  Ethiopia didn't

q: What did the one cat say to the other cat?
a: I'm not feline too good. 

q: Why is the California golden gate bridge a great compass?
a: It is collapsible 

q: What's John Lee Hooker's favourite recording device?
a: A Boom Boom mic

q: How do you make a Venetian blind?
a: Poke him in the eye 

q: Why did the witch get a car with manual transmission?
a: Because she prefers to drive stick!

q: Why was the radioactive food going to taste bad?
a: The meal would fallout of flavor.

q: Why did the console player cross the road?
a: To render the other side.

q: What is the type of humor do you hate the most?
a: Dark humor... I hate it when black people tell jokes.

q: Did you hear the one about Muhammed?
a: I was just asking if you'd heard it.  I'm not gonna tell it, I want to live.

q: Where do calculus students go when they are sick?
a: To L'Hopital. 

q: What sounds funny?
a: Hilarious Trumpet

q: What costs you a fortune and leaves you in tears a year and a half later?
a: Not cancer, but my relationship that just ended today!

q: What do you call ill-mannered burst of strong wind in the desert?
a: Darude Sandstorm.

q: How can a dog afford to go to college?
a: Furnancial Aid

q: What do you get if you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
a: A flat miner

q: What do you call German Uber drivers?
a: Ubermensch

q: Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
a: The wheelchair...

q: What's the difference between jam and jelly?
a: You can't jelly someone into a wood chipper.  

q: What do you call a guy who hangs around a bunch of musicians?
a: A drummer!!!!!

q: So what if I don't know what Armageddon means?
a: It's not the end of the world 

q: Isn't it great to live in the 21st century?
a: Where deleting history has become more important than making it.

q: What is bread's most deadly sin?
a: Gluteny

q: What do you get if you tie two camels together by the tails?
a: A palindromedary.

q: How many Reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A substantial amount, you fucking morons. 

q: What's the best part about having sex with 25 yr olds?
a: There's 20 of them!

q: What did Eric Clapton do after he wrote Tears in Heaven?
a: Threw his baby out the window.

q: What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
a: Gang Rape. 

q: What's the difference between a milion dollars and a boner?
a: I don't have a milion dollars. 

q: Why don't Baptists approve of premarital sex?
a: Because it might lead to dancing.

q: [groaner] Have you guys seen Viking Wars?
a: It stars Harrison Fjord.

q: What do you call Muslims at the end of their religious service?
a: Mosquitoes

q: What song did Russia send Ukraine for its birthday?
a: Crimea a river

q: What don't BMWs have that all other manufacturers do?
a: Turn signals 

q: What do you call a guy with no musical talent that hangs out with the band?
a: The drummer.

q: Why did the bandit from Burma vote for Trump and Hillary to be the primary candidates?
a: Because, Master Wayne, some men just want to watch the world burn.

q: What did Zack say after discovering his coward genes?
a: Zackrebleu!

q: What do you call 2 people singing in Hebrew?
a: Jewet  :D 

q: Did you hear about corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines

q: What's the difference between a guitarist and a pizza?
a: A pizza can feed a family of four

q: What do you call a singer who sells meat?
a: A Deli. 

q: what do you call your girlfriend when she's shot by an Islamic terrorist?
a: Haram-bae

q: What rabbit wears on his back while flying?
a: Eagle

q: Where would you see two people helping each other while you feel happy seeing them help each other?
a: Porn.

q: What drink is better than average?
a: A beverage.

q: Which is the most religious vegetable?
a: The Pope-tato

q: What did the fish say when it swam into a concrete wall?
a: Dam.

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a Styrofoam cup?
a: A dead baby doesn't harm the atmosphere when you burn it.

q: Why are TV's attracted to people?
a: Because we turn them on.  / /

q: What did the Trump Train do when it approached the station?
a: It kept going.  No brakes.  :(

q: How many McDonalds workers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, because they can't climb the ladder.

q: Why can't T-Rex's Hi-Five each other?
a: Because they are dead. 

q: What do you think of men who likes to eat fish?
a: I think they are Sofishticated. I'll show myself out.

q: If ball is life, where is the afterlife?
a: Ballhalla

q: What do you call a black man with a MD?
a: A doctor you racist.

q: What does George Weasley see in the Mirror of Erised?
a: His reflection.

q: What is a caffeine addict's excuse for drinking coffee in the evening?
a: It's 8:00 somewhere!

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
a:  elephino.

q: Why are white people so bad at horror movies?
a: Because they're curious and want to learn. And that's why you don't see many black scientists.

q: How can you tell when time is reversing?
a: A Jew drops a coin onto the floor

q: What's a Mexican's favorite breakfast cereal?
a: Tacos.

q: Why did the aliens choose to not invade and enslave the human race?
a: Because they're not garbage collectors.

q: What did one sausage say to the other?
a: You are the wurst. 

q: Why did Sally fall of the swing?
a: Because she had no arms. Knock Knock  Who's there? Not Sally :)

q: Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?
a: Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common? A: Theyve both swallowed a lot of semen.

q: What is the room temperature on Tatooine?
a: Lukewarm

q: Why do people admire pirates so much?
a: They have nerves of steal.

q: Why did Aquaman join the DC universe instead of Marvel?
a: Because he was hydra-phobic.

q: What's the difference between a pontiff's chin and the kitchen sink?
a: One's covered in soap bubbles, while the other's covered in Pope stubbles.

q: Who did the Dyslexic Devil Worshipper sell his soul to?
a: Santa

q: Why does Donald Trump like free haircuts?
a: Because he doesn't have toupe. 

q: How to get a Jewish girl's number?
a: Roll up her sleeve...

q: Do you want to know why I called your girlfriend a tractor?
a: Because she's an upgrade to that hoe you had earlier. 

q: What do you call a camel with three humps?
a: Pregnant

q: What is the the Chicken's favorite composer?
a: bach bach bach time to return to 

q: Have you ever tried eating a clock?
a: It's pretty time consuming. I'll escort myself out now.

q: What did the angry feminist say on Halloween?
a: Triggered Treat

q: Why did the wheelchair-bound girlfriend break up with her boyfriend?
a: He kept pushing her around.

q: In The Lion King, why did Mufasa die?
a: Because he didn't Mufasta..

q: How did Genghis Khan conquer Mongolia?
a: One steppe at a time.

q: If Chef Boyardee was a dictator what would he name his secret police?
a: Gazpacho

q: What does the captain of the USS Enterprise do for exercise?
a: Jean-Luc Picardio

q: What do ghosts drink?
a: BOOOOOZE

q: Why did Simba buy a motorcycle?
a: So he could mufasa.

q: How does Moses make his tea?
a: Hebrews it. I'm serious! That Israeli how he does it!

q: What's black and white and red all over?
a: Charlotte, NC

q: Is your refrigerator running??
a: Because I might vote for it.

q: Can I Have SEX with my Pregnant Wife?
a: Man: Can I Have SEX with my Pregnant Wife? Doc: Yes 3 Mnths Normal Next 3 Like Dog Last 3 Like Wolf? Man: How Does Wolf Do? Doc: Sleep near the Hole & Cry.

q: What did the doctor say to the midget waiting in the lobby?
a: You're just going to have to be a little patient.

q: Why does everyone hate 7?
a: Because 7 kneeled during the National Anthem.

q: What city are you in when you drop your waffle on the beach?
a: NO MATTER WHERE YOU GO...there you are

q: What would happen if James Bond took Viagra?
a: He would continue to be a state-sponsored terrorist whose actions disgrace us all. 

q: Why havent you ever seen any elephants hiding up trees?
a: Because theyre really, really good at it.

q: We all know what the loneliest number is, but what's the least lonely number?
a: 69.

q: What goes up and down but never moves?
a: The stairs.

q: Whats the difference between a baby and a feminist?
a: At some point in its life, a baby will grow up and stop crying.

q: How did the road break its ankles?
a: The chicken crossed it.

q: OC why do doctors check their patients reflexes?
a: Because they get a kick out of it

q: What do women that have miscarried suffer from?
a: Mourning Sickness.

q: Why is the sea so salty?
a: Because the land didn't wave back. 

q: Why shoudn't you play poker in Africa ?
a: Because of all the Cheetahs!

q: What did the piece of shit stuck on my toilet say to my pee this morning?
a: HEY YOU TRYIN' TO PISS ME OFF?

q: Why do Welshmen like to fuck sheep at the edge of a cliff?
a: Because they push back nicely 

q: Did you hear about the guy with a fetish for public transportation?
a: He got off at every stop.

q: Why are stormtroopers so bad at aiming?
a: Because they're playing on console.

q: Why is the LSU football team like my car?
a: They both used to have Les (less) Miles!

q: What is the hardest part about firing a black man?
a: Waiting for him to show up.

q: What's below the Pyrenees?
a: A pair of ankles

q: What's the difference between a taliban outpost and an Afghani Elementary school?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drones

q: Why do americans get manuals when buying a new car?
a: I thought they only drive automatic

q: What do you call an evil wizard who gives good hickeys?
a: A neck romancer.  

q: How do you say Vaseline in German?
a: Vienerslidein 

q: What do you call a gay guy who is really good at differential equations?
a: Homogeneous. Heeeeeey math jokes!

q: What do you call a muslim woman cheating on her husband?
a: Haram Bae

q: What kind of girls date firefighters?
a: Hose.

q: Russia: Why did the chicken cross the road?
a: Ukraine: I don't know Russia why? Russia: To rescue oppressed Russian minority 

q: Husband: What would you do if i won the lottery?
a: Wife: I'd take half and leave. Husband: Well here's $6 and you can start packing anytime now.

q: Whats a pirates favourite letter???
a: Youd think itd be rrrrr but tis the sea.

q: What's the slowest boat?
a: A snail boat

q: Why did the baby drop its rattle?
a: It got hit by a truck

q: What do you say when you see two fetuses making out?
a: "Oh get a womb"

q: Why did Miss Piggy call in sick to work?
a: Because she had a frog in her throat. 

q: What do you call a hobosexual?
a: A bum fuck.

q: What did Thin Lizzie do with his iPhone?
a: Jailbreak

q: How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.

q: What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
a: Beer nuts are a dollar fifty. Deer nuts are always under a buck...  I'll see myself out now.

q: Did you know that national middle child day was last week?
a: Yeah...  Nobody else did either...

q: WHY DID HITLER COMMIT SUICIDE?
a: Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he saw his gas bill.

q: What is a small loan of money?
a: "a small loan of a million dollars"

q: Did you hear about the Amish woman?
a: She had two mennonite that drove her buggy

q: Who lose in the presidential debate?
a: American.

q: What's the difference between Elton John's chin and Tiger Woods?
a: Tiger Woods hasn't hit as many balls.

q: What is "YEAH" in Japanese?
a: HAEY, obviously.

q: Who lost the presidential debate?
a: We Americans

q: How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, he holds up the bulb and the world revolves around him 

q: Want to hear a corny joke?
a: Nah... I won't tell you. It's too a-maize-ing.

q: What city does Affirmative Action Aslan live?
a: Kathmandu.

q: Whats a mans favorite word that starts with 'm' and ends in 'arriage'?
a: A miscarriage! This joke never gets old, just like the baby!

q: Hear about the dyslexic chefs?
a: One said " can you smell gas?" "Very funny" said the other, "You know I can't even smell my own  name!"

q: Clinton and Trump get in a plane crash, who is saved?
a: The USA

q: Why can't Donald Trump be circumcised?
a: Because there is no end to that prick.

q: Wanna know how easy it is to sleep with a fat chick?
a: Piece of cake

q: What is Chip Kelly's favorite dance?
a: The Salsa

q: What do you call a dog who does magic tricks?
a: A labracadabrador

q: What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor?
a: Where's my tractor?

q: Have you heard about the curator of the Slavic History exhibit?
a: He's forever Russian around, Czeching that everything gets Polished

q: Who lost the American Presidential Debate?
a: America.

q: What did the paraplegic retard get for Christmas?
a: Cancer. 

q: What do you think about the Cyber Warfare ?
a: My 10 year old son is very good with computers. --Donald trump 

q: Your refrigerator is running?
a: "yeah, i bettar cach it" "Okay sir, I want you to step out of the car and walk a straight line."

q: What do my brother and Julius Caesar have in common?
a: They both hate been stabbed

q: You know what really surprised me about the debate tonight?
a: Turns out it   possible to have a worse moderator than the team over  at  !

q: How do you feel when you're playing Mortal Kombat and the air conditioning goes out?
a: Toastyyy!

q: What the difference between a feminist and a knife?
a: A knife has a point.

q: How many people could Donald Trump shoot before his poll numbers fell below 40%?
a: About 3 million. But they would all have to be Trump supporters.

q: Teacher to a 4 Year old kid: What's your Mom's name?
a: Kid: Mom's last name must be "Darling" because that's what Daddy calls her every time.... Teacher: That's so sweet. What's her first name then? Kid: I think it's "Sorry"....

q: What fuels electronics but drains a relationship?
a: Battery

q: What are some good dad jokes?
a: I never had a dad to tell me any.

q: How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich?
a: Two.

q: Who's bigger, Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby?
a: Mr. Bigger's baby, because he's just a little Bigger.

q: Why was the dolphin sad?
a: Because it had no porpoise in life. 

q: Aye dost ya know the difference betwixt a Scott and Scotch?
a: A Scott tis a lad that can play the pipes. The Scotch is what makes it so that he canna.

q: What's the difference between a dry, moldy cranberry and an angry blue bird?
a: One's a crazy heron, the other's a hairy Craisin.      

q: How many Hillary supporters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. cmon , they'd much rather be kept in the dark.

q: How do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
a: Strap a steak to the ceiling

q: What are you watching tonight?
a: The game where players make enough money to risk getting brain damage, or the debate where the players already have brain damage?

q: What do you call a bicycle with no seat?
a: A real pain in the ass.

q: What happened to the rabbit, the lion ate?
a: Shit, i don't know. 

q: Did you hear about the vertically challenged psychic that robbed a bank?
a: Police say they're looking for a small medium at large.

q: What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
a: HAAAAAAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

q: Why are people so creeped out by the guy in the unicorn mask?
a: Because he's always horny.

q: What do The Sixth Sense and Titanic have in common?
a: Icy Dead People.

q: Why did the gynecologist get in trouble for oral sex with his patient?
a: Because he broke the "No Eating In The Rooms" rule.

q: What's worse than finding a stack of dads playboys in the basement?
a: Finding a stack of dads playboys in the basement

q: Why do women have smaller feet than men?
a: So that they can get closer to the sink.

q: why did the tiger running?
a: it's non of your bussniess()!

q: Did you hear about Arnold Palmers last round of golf?
a: He got 6 under

q: What is Checkmate?
a: You tell your Wife, "I saw a lady, looked exactly like you" Wife asks, "WAS SHE BEAUTIFUL?" You cant say 'NO' You cant say 'YES' That is Checkmate!

q: Whats the easiest way to pick up a jewish girl?
a: With a dustpan in Auschwitz.

q: Did you hear they lifted the restrictions on magazine size?
a: It was all over the tabloids

q: Why did the Irish man only eat two hundred and thirty nine beans?
a: If he ate one more, it would be too farty!

q: Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs?
a: Watts the difference!

q: How did the haunted house escape foreclosure?
a: it was repossessed 

q: You want to know the problem with cocaine?
a: It's not all it's cracked up to be. 

q: Why did the free-range chicken cross the road?
a: Because he could.

q: Why did the black man try to break into jail?
a: He wanted to be with his family.

q: Why did I leave my grades at the orphanage?
a: I couldn't raise them

q: Where are the Atlantis and the lost treasures of many renowned pirates?
a: Nobody knows.It's a well kept seacret.

q: what is Mozart doing now?
a: decomposing

q: What do you call a Mexican that lost his car?
a: Carlos

q: Why did Adele cross the road?
a: To say Hello from the other side. I called you a million times.

q: What do you call a white black person?
a: Brown recluse.

q: What did one blind cop say to the other blind cop?
a: Nothing to see here

q: Why couldnt you trust Castros wife?
a: Because at one point, she was infidel. Ok ill leave now

q: What did the Spannish Amoeba said to the other Amoebas?
a: "Hola Amoebas!"

q: What's the difference between a king hit (sucker punch) and a 69'er?
a: At least with a 69'er you see the cunt coming.

q: What's another word for a nostalgic boner?
a: Misdirection.

q: What do you call a kangaroo who chases rock stars to have sex with them?
a: A kangaroupie.

q: Wanna know the best joke ever?
a: Read the top comments....

q: What do you call a stolen Tesla?
a: An Edison

q: What's a Mexican's favourite video game?
a: Borderlands.

q: What did the pavement smoother say after he lost his hands?
a: "I literally can't even."

q: What's the difference between a long bearded redneck and a long bearded ISIS man?
a: One wants to eat filthy american pigs, and the other wants to kill the filthy american pigs.

q: Why aren't any atheists buying a PS4 Pro?
a: They don't believe in higher power.

q: Why can't trigonometry teachers give good speeches?
a: They go off onto different tangents.

q: What do you do to backwards scented muffins?
a: sniffum

q: Why did Hitler take Xanax?
a: Oops. Wrong name...

q: What's the difference between a church and a mosque?
a: In a church you see pew, pew pew. In a mosque you hear pew pew pew.

q: Did you hear the Marlins are no longer serving beer at the stadium?
a: They ran out of pitchers.

q: What do you call it when old people are forced into slavery?
a: Indentured servitude.

q: What is Forrest Gump's password?
a: 1forrest1 

q: What's the most popular form of martial arts in Israel?
a: Jew-jitsu

q: What do Trump and Hilary have in common?
a: They both like dick.

q: What do my girlfriend and Jesus have in common?
a: Not sure if either of them came once, but I know they haven't come a second time.

q: What did the clone troopers say after they killed Aayla Secura?
a: Bye Felucia

q: What did Godzilla say after eating a Honda?
a: "Gosh, I could have had a V-8!

q: What's a pirate's favorite letter?
a: Marque

q: Why did the computer crash?
a: It had a bad driver

q: How was school today?
a: Mother: How was school today, Daniel? Daniel: It was really great mum! Today we made explosives! Mother: Ooh, they do very fancy stuff with you these days. And what will you do at school tomorrow? Daniel: What school?

q: Why was Kaiser Wilhelm II such a weak ruler?
a: The sequels are never as good as the originals.

q: What's a pirates favorite letter?
a: You'd think it'd be the arr.  But it be the sea. 

q: Who was the most Unfunniest and Unoriginal Comedian of all Time?
a: God

q: What do you call someone pretending to nice to people just to get upvotes?
a: karma chameleon

q: What does a pterodactyl have in common with a urinal?
a: P in front of it

q: Why does Donald Trump watch the Olympics?
a: To see how high Mexicans can jump

q: Why did the mexican fire department fail?
a: They didnt have any Jose to spray the water.

q: What happened when Mr. Loin got knighted?
a: He became Sir Loin

q: Where did Hitler keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies.

q: In a debate between Hillary and Trump, who loses?
a: America

q: What drug can Donald Trump not live without?
a: Xanax, for Hispanic attacks.

q: What do you call a dead bee?
a: Zombie.

q: What do you call it when a turtle beats a rabbit in a race?
a: Aesop story.

q: What type of perfume do kidnappers use?
a: chloroform

q: why can't conservatives work at a checkout counter?
a: Because they don't like change...

q: How do redditors get their water?
a: From a well, actually

q: What does natalia portman have on the ends of her feet?
a: her natalie 

q: Why are there so many women archaeologists?
a: Because women love digging up the past.

q: When jokes go to parties, where do they wait for drinks?
a: In the punchlines.

q: Have you tried rocky mountain oysters?
a: They're offal.

q: What do you call large number of cannibals stranded on an island?
a: A 

q: How do you trigger a feminist?
a: You've got male.

q: What's the difference between traffic and strawberries?
a: You can eat strawberry jam.

q: What do you call two crows on a branch?
a: Attempted murder.

q: What's the difference between you and eggs?
a: Eggs get laid and you don't.

q: What did one casket say to the other?
a: Is that you coffin?

q: What's the best way for a prostitute to advertise?
a: Word of mouth.

q: What do you call a nymphomaniac with erectile dysfunction?
a: Sexually Frustrated 

q: Why did the little girl eat her money for lunch?
a: Because her mom gave her money for lunch.  8 year old sister told me this joke, gave me a good laugh.

q: whats the best part about sleeping with twenty-seven year olds?
a: There are twenty of them

q: How do you get a Criminal to stop running?
a: Play the national anthem 

q: Who's the fastest tailor in the world?
a: Sonic the Swift Taylor

q: What book does the Queen of England read to get herself into a raunchy mood?
a: 50 Shades of Earl Grey 

q: Why did the cows cross the road?
a: They wanted to go to the mooo....vies

q: What does an Anime Mathlete say?
a: Notice me 7pi!

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Prius?
a: Porcupines have pricks on the outside

q: Where do graphic designers go for a drink?
a: CGI Friday's

q: What do you call a Mexican hooker who doesn't charge any money?
a: Fritatas

q: What does Gordon program in?
a: FLASH... AAAHHHHHHHH. Its the language of the universe...

q: How do you make a Plummer cry?
a: You kill his family 

q: Why does Jesus eat at Benihana?
a: Because he loves miso!

q: What happened to the guy who farted in church?
a: He sat in his own pew.

q: Which country will be the first to change to all electric vehicles?
a: Madagascar

q: What do female scientists look at once a month?
a: The Periodic Table of Elements.

q: Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
a: In a mirror.

q: What is the difference between the USA and North Korea?
a: One is of them has a great leader! 

q: Q. How can you tell if a car is German?
a: Q. How can you tell if a car is German? A. when a jew gets in it the doors lock and the heat turns on.

q: Where do lightbulbs die?
a: Offswitch.

q: What did the carpet enthusiast say to his mistress?
a: I haven't had hard wood in 15 years.

q: What is the hardest part of cutting a baby in half with a straight razor?
a: My erection.

q: What do my iPhone and my girlfriend have in common?
a: They both go off again two minutes later to remind me of the same thing. 

q: What do vaginas and schools have in common?
a: They both have 6 letters and can hold screaming children for 9 months!

q: What's the laziest piece of clothing?
a: Underwear. It just sits on its butt all day. 

q: Is milk the best workout supplement?
a: No, whey man! (My first dad joke, im so proud!)

q: Why did Black Lives Matter arrange a protest on Coruscant?
a: because Mace Windu nuffin

q: Did you hear that the coprophiliac Scotsman is engaged to be married?
a: They're so cute together; apparently, it was love at first shite.

q: Where do you drown a hipster?
a: In the mainstream 

q: Why didn't Sug Knight talk to the police?
a: Because the g is silent

q: What's a caveman's favorite lunchtime meal?
a: A club sandwich.

q: What do you call a clever repost?
a: A riposte.

q: Tired of hearing the same song over and over again?
a: Try being in marching band.

q: You guys hear about the pepper shaker that was attacked by the salt shaker?
a: Apparently the salt shaker was arrested and charged with aggravated as-

q: What is an AI's favorite food?
a: RAM crackers

q: How do you stop the protests in Charlotte?
a: Sing the nation anthem they will sit down

q: Why did Timmy cross the street?
a: To suck dick for crack money.

q: Why do ducks make the best detectives?
a: They always quack the case

q: Why are pedophiles so full of themselves?
a: They only have sex with people who look up to them.

q: Is it any wonder men have been obsessed with sex since biblical times?
a: After all, Adam was ribbed for his own pleasure

q: Why did the doctor make an old woman cry?
a: He lost his patients

q: Why did Steve Jobs die too soon?
a: Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.

q: What would you do if you won the lottery?
a: Two friends meet together and one asks: What would you do if you won the lottery? -I would build a brothel! Oh, and if it went wrong and you loose money? -I'd open it to the public

q: What kind of fish can you find in a hospital?
a: A sturgeon.

q: What do you call a gangster with no limbs?
a: A crip

q: Why are Muslim Pokmon so easy to defeat?
a: Because they always use Explosion or Self Destruct on the first turn.

q: What do you call a dead person?
a: Dinner

q: What did the black guy get on his SAT?
a: Watermelon juice.

q: What did the West African nation say as it sank into the sea?
a: I'm a Ghana!

q: What Did Big Nacho Say To Little Nacho?
a: I'm Nacho Daddy.

q: Did you hear what happened to the lady who backed into the fan?
a: Disaster Edit:  I'm just a poor meme farmer

q: Why doesn't Lilly from AT&T commercials show any cleavage?
a: Because AT&T has the best coverage

q: Wanna hear a story about a ghost?
a: That's the spirit.

q: what do you call a fake spaghetti?
a: an impasta

q: How do memes go to the proms?
a: In a lmaosine

q: What makes camping so thrilling?
a: It's In-tents

q: How many Amish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One... I mean, they aren't fucking retarded. 

q: What do you say when you get cornered by a gang of Italian prostitutes?
a: "Uh-oh, spaghetti hoes!"

q: What's the definition of tender love?
a: Anal sex with hemorrhoids.

q: what happened when the frog double parked?
a: Its car got toad away.

q: What did one mushroom say to the other?
a: You're a fungi to be with

q: Whats the difference between a Jew and Santa?
a: Santa goes down the chimney 

q: From my 8yo daughter: What do you call a boat made out of corn?
a: A: A tortilla ship!

q: Do they have 4Rivers in California?
a: They used to, but they all dried up.

q: What is hard, long, and full of seamen?
a: A submarine

q: Everyone knows how you know a criminal is lying?
a: His lips are moving. But how do you know when a cop is lying? His pen is moving.

q: You lost your phone when its' on silent?
a: well too bad! If you liked it, you should have put a RING on it.

q: What does it sound like when Java laughs?
a: Java -jar jar.jar

q: What do you call an attractive primate corpse in Saudi Arabia?
a: Haram bae

q: What's Donald Trump's Favorite Nut?
a: WALLnuts

q: Why do they say cleanliness is next to godliness?
a: Because every time i talk dirty to my wife she tells me to go to hell.

q: Why do elephants paint their testicles red?
a: So they can hide in cherry trees.  Ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree?  Shows you it works then.  What's the loudest noise in the jungle?  Monkeys picking cherries.

q: What is the difference between a paycheck and your penis?
a: You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck. 

q: What's black on the bottom and white on the top?
a: Society.

q: What do you get when a woman has a yeast infection and some air trapped in her vagina?
a: Queef Stroganoff

q: Why did the baker have smelly hands?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: What is the dumbest animal in the jungle?
a: A polar bear

q: What do you call a crowned man in gridlock?
a: Human trafficking 

q: A group of cattle are taking a road trip; who drives?
a: The steer. 

q: When does an average north Indian loses his virginity?
a: When he spots a tourist.

q: What do you call a group of north Indians?
a: Therapists.

q: What do you call it when someone gets covered by a landslide?
a: A bu-rock-ke

q: What did the dance instructor say to her student when the student wanted to use her bathroom?
a: Skip to my loo.

q: What happened when five fat French men got in the lifeboat?
a: Cinq. 

q: Why doesn't anybody like feminist picnics?
a: Because they never have any sandwiches. 

q: How do Chinese people laugh?
a: LMAO ZEDONG!

q: Had ur lunch?
a: Wife : had ur lunch.? Husband : had ur lunch.? . Wife : i m asking you Husband : i m asking you . Wife : u copying me.? Husband : u copying me? . Wife : lets go shopping Husband : i had my lunch

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
a: A porcupine has the pricks on the outside!

q: Why is a mute girl the best girlfriend?
a: They can't say no.

q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Juan (This probably has been posted earlier but is still funny )

q: How do you get a vegan to eat meat?
a: Make them suck dick

q: Why was the photographer arested?
a: Indecent exposure. 

q: What do you call an Asian boy with downs?
a: Lo Mein. See you all in hell.

q: What do you call a very flexible grizzly bear?
a: Yoga Bear.

q: What do you call a woman who can't draw?
a: Tracy

q: Did you hear the one about the iphone 7 headphone jack?
a: [Removed]

q: Why don't Germans like humour?
a: Because it's inefficient!

q: What do you call a Japanese Cougar with exceptional taste?
a: Umami

q: What's the difference between a guy with carry on luggage and a photon?
a: The guy overpacked, and the photon is traveling light.

q: Why can't african kids watch Dragon Ball Z?
a: Because they transmit it after lunch.

q: What does a retired Olympic sprinter have in common with Bernie Sanders?
a: He quit running. 

q: Why do they call it the Xbox360?
a: Because when you see it, you turn 360 degrees and walk away.

q: How do you know when your gf is too young?
a: When you have to say, "Here comes the airplane!" when you want her to give you a bj.

q: What do you mean he's your half son?
a: "What do you mean what do I mean?" replied the man. He went on to explain "My son has half my genes, that makes him my half-son."  The woman he was talking to decided he was crazy and without replying walked past him. She looked back and noticed his neck was red, after all it was a sunny day.

q: What do boys and algebra have in common?
a: They are both trying to find their X and they don't know Y.

q: Did you guys hear about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil 

q: What's the problem with Java jokes?
a: They have no  .

q: What do you call a German with a bad attitude?
a: Sauerkraut.

q: What do you call the cool, terroristy Muslims?
a: Radical Islam

q: What did the boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
a: Cancer 

q: What do the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons

q: [OC] Why does the NSA hate winter?
a: Because they're not used to getting Snowden. (I'll see myself out)

q: What does the shy little pebble wish for?
a: To be a little Bolder.

q: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic?
a: About half way

q: Why is Santa in such a bad mood?
a: Because he only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.

q: What's someone who hates underwear's favorite song?
a: Free Ballin - Foo Fighters

q: What milk does a coward make?
a: Craven-dale

q: There are so many obnoxious people in the world, but do you know who really drives me to drink?
a: Designated Drivers.

q: What do you call a fat black person?
a: Chunky Monkies

q: what do you get when you cross a mountain climber and an elephant?
a: You cant, the mountain climber is a scalar!

q: Why did a lightbulb in the candy store go out?
a: It needed to get it's fill o' mint.

q: What's a difference between a oral and a rectal thermometer?
a: The taste

q: What did the cheese say to its reflection?
a: Halloumi! 

q: Do you know how to spot a clickbait?
a: If you're reading this, you don't.

q: How many graduate students does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: "I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my advisor $30k in taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the credit for answering this incredibly vital question." (I did not come up with this, I got it from  .)

q: [religion]What's the difference between Jezus and a picture of Jezus?
a: You only need one nail to hang the picture

q: What do you call a 5 year old without any friend?
a: A Sandy Hook Survivor

q: What's the difference between Colin Kaepernick and a martyr?
a: One stood for something

q: Excuse me, are you interested in courses on ancient Egypt?
a: I promise it's not a pyramid scheme. 

q: How can you tell when a singer is trying to get into their house?
a: They can't find the key and don't know when to come in. 

q: What's Hitler's favorite letter?
a: Well, it's not Z. 

q: How was school today ??
a: Mother, How was school today, Patrick? Patrick, It was really great mum! Today we made explosives! Mother, Ooh, they do very fancy stuff with you these days. And what will you do at school tomorrow? Patrick, What school?

q: How can you make gay people curious?
a: now.

q: What happens when you have 3 cigarettes on a boat and you throw one off?
a: It becomes a cigarette lighter!

q: Why can't children watch pirate movies?
a: Because they're rated 

q: Did you hear about that guy who was in an accident and lost his left-side?
a: Don't worry. He's all right now. 

q: How many tropical Birds Does it take to Screw in a Lightbulb?
a: Well, turns out one is not enough, but if you pair it, two can.

q: What kind of music do wind turbines listen to?
a: They're huge metal fans.

q: What do you call a bunch of liberals protesting the second amendment?
a: Triggered

q: Have you heard about the Trump supporter who went to college?
a: Neither have I.

q: Who's bigger, Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby daughter?
a: The baby, because she's a little bigger.

q: Would you pass the tea?
a: Three older couples were having afternoon tea.   The first husband turns to his wife and says, "Can you pass the honey, Honey?"   Not to be outdone, the second husband turns to his wife and says, "Can you pass the sugar, Sugar?" Feeling rather amorous, the third wife turns to her husband and asks, "George, why don't we call each other cute names?"   George turns to her and says, "Can you pass the tea, bag?"

q: If piss comes from my bladder and semen comes from my balls, what comes from my finger?
a: YOUR MOM!!!

q: Hey dude, what do you cut down a tree with?
a: Asuh dude

q: What's a gay man's favorite part of Cape Cod?
a: Just the tip.

q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby?
a: One is still dicking bimbos while the other was dicking still bimbos. 

q: If an ant smells bad, what is it called?
a: De-Oder-Ant 

q: Why do police in the US carry a tazer and pepper spray?
a: In case they run out of bullets.

q: What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
a: One says, "Spit out your gum!" The other goes, "Choo Choo Choo"

q: Why do you not play Uno with Mexicans?
a: Cuz they take all the green cards

q: How do lesbians cut their clothes?
a: By scissoring.

q: What do you do when an epileptic is having a seizure in the bathtub?
a: Throw your dirty laundry in there with some detergent. 

q: Did you hear about the millennial pharmacist that got fired?
a: They fired him because he didn't believe in labels. 

q: What do you say to a soldier who doesn't turn up for Camouflage training?
a: Well done.

q: What do you call a homosexual Muslim man in space?
a: An astronaut, you racist fuck.

q: What's another word for double-dating?
a: consolidating

q: Why is leather armour the best for sneaking?
a: Because it's literally made of hide. *Ba Dum Tsss 

q: Did you hear about the guy with a premature ejaculation problem?
a: I hear he just comes outta nowhere!

q: Did you know that Princess Diana was on her cell phone when she died?
a: She was also on the dashboard, the windscreen, the roadside...

q: How do you know your wife is dead?
a: The sex is the same, but the dishes start piling up.

q: Why do some people cough alot?
a: Because they drink to much coughee.

q: Why aren't you studying, Billy?
a: Billy's Mom asked him, "Well, why aren't you studying, Billy? You have an exam tomorrow!" Billy said, "Because I've already Reddit thrice."

q: How do you confuse an idiot?
a: Banana cake!

q: What crime do trans gender people commit?
a: Male fraud

q: little son knows How to scare parents?
a: Dad: "Can I see your report card, son?"  Son: "I don't have it."  Dad: "Why?"  Son: "I gave it to my friend. He wanted to scare his parents."

q: Wife: Do you want to tap us?
a: Wife: Do you want to tap us? Husband: Absolutely. Husband: Phew!, Nothing like a threesome.

q: Why are elephants big, grey, and wrinkley?
a: Because if they were small, white, and smooth they'd be Asprin.

q: [religion] Why did Jesus die on the cross?
a: he forgot the safe word

q: Did you know cows and moose are related?
a: They're called MOOOOse for a reason! 

q: How can you tell if someone is schizophrenic?
a: I'll let my friend answer that one:

q: What happens when i find a good joke?
a: I reddit. 

q: If George Washington Carver became a teacher, what would his nickname be?
a: The Nutty Professor

q: What is strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
a: The back of my hand...

q: What's the difference between a school and an ISIS training camp?
a: I don't know, i just fly the drone

q: What do you call a bikini clad conspiracy theorist?
a: An illumi-hotty!

q: What did Batman say to Robin before getting into the car?
a: "Get in the car."

q: What do you call a cat that has boils on its skin and can't feel it's toes?
a: A leperd

q: What's the best thing about Sweden?
a: I can't pick, but their flag is a huge plus.

q: What's a pedophile's favorite weather phenomenon?
a: An El Nio

q: What's your favourite animal?
a: Me too, I like the saltyness

q: What's the difference between a Zippo and a Bic lighter?
a: Zippos are heavy. A Bic is just a little lighter.

q: What did the natives say when they discovered a Yeti living amongst them in their village?
a: Inuit.

q: What did the watermelon say to the honeydew?
a: "I'm sorry baby, we just cantaloupe."

q: Why was the priest also an imam?
a: Double the prophet.

q: What brand of underwear did Jesus wear?
a: Fruit of the Womb

q: What's your mom's favorite seafood resturant?
a: Captain D's Nutz

q: Whats the difference between a murder and Hamlet performed by geese?
a: Nothing, they're both fowl play

q: Why didn't Ann Frank finish her diary?
a: She needed more concentration.

q: Why does Jew population suffer more from ADHD ?
a: Because they needed too much concentration in camps.

q: How does a grizzly catch fish?
a: With his bear hands!

q: what's the difference between Donald trump and road kill?
a: the road kill has skid marks before it

q: What do you call a 58 year old man that has sex with a 9 year old girl?
a: The Prophet Muhammad.

q: How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb?
a: You don't know cause you weren't there

q: How much do pirates charge for corn?
a: A Buccaneer

q: hi What did the failed Swedish chef say?
a: All that hard Bork and nothing to show for it .

q: Which rock band always wash their hands before a concert?
a: OCDC

q: What do you call it when Batman skips Church?
a: Christian Bale.

q: What's the difference between jelly and jam?
a: Nobody would name their band Pearl Jelly.

q: What's something a white person says a lot, but a black person never says?
a: Hi dad!

q: Do you have a brother named Humphrey?
a: Because I saw your mom on the corner yelling "Humphrey! Humphrey!"

q: What do you call a stupid kid in pre-school?
a: Names.

q: What kind of music venues do gun lovers like the most?
a: Carry OK

q: What's the best way to carve wood?
a: Whittle by whittle.

q: Why did the mexican girl get pregnant?
a: Because her teacher told her to do an essay

q: Why can't Jesus eat M&Ms?
a: Because he isn't real. 

q: Which profession has the worst sense of humour?
a: Well, chiropodists like   jokes.  But opticians like them  .  

q: How high can you kick a baby?
a: It depends. Are you inside or outside?

q: Why did the faucet turn on?
a: It was feeling  .

q: What's the difference between Chris Christie and Ivanka Trump submissively bent over Donald's bed?
a: Boobs! Ok wait never mind they are the same.

q: Why did Barty Crouch Jr. quit drinking?
a: Because it was making him moody.

q: how many /r/jokes user does it take to repost a joke?
a: three.  one to actually do it, one to complain that it has been done before, and another one to repost the said repost 

q: What do you call a gorilla in water?
a: Harambait.

q: What do you get if you microwave welsh horse crap?
a: PooptyPong.

q: What's you experience with "Friends with benefits"?
a: The close thing I came to having  friends with benefits was .......... convincing my friend to bring food for me daily.

q: What is Jose Cuervo's favorite book?
a: Tequila Mockingbird

q: What's Harambe's favourite retail store?
a: Target

q: What do you call four black guys hanging in a barn?
a: Antique farm equipment. 

q: What's blue and hangs from a tree in my yard?
a: Its my nigger, I can paint him whatever color I want.

q: What do you call an obese suicide bomber?
a: Fatty fatty boom boom

q: what does Geico and your girlfriend have in common?
a: Shes so easy a cave man could do her. 

q: Why don't ghosts have legs?
a: Because they're so white the can't dance.

q: Why didn't Jesus have any children?
a: He only got nailed by guys ;) 

q: Want to be moved for free?
a: Just be Jewish , live in 1940s Europe , and be willing to live a ghetto.

q: What did the cholo say when two houses fell on top of him?
a: Get off me homes!

q: Why don't blind people skydive?
a: It scares their dogs too much

q: What do you call a hookers fart?
a: A prostitoot

q: Did you guys hear that Republicans are trying to end racism?
a: Shit my time machine is broken again.

q: What's the difference between a chick pea and a potato?
a: You would pay to have a potato on you...

q: How do you know you're on the phone with a meth head?
a: When comcast puts them on hold and they don't hang up

q: What's black, cheap, and not worth a damn?
a: A cup of decaf 

q: What is a guy with multi-tasking called?
a: Husband.

q: What do you call a meeting exclusively attended by pine, juniper and fir trees?
a: A coniference. 

q: What did the pirate say on his eightieth birthday?
a: Aye Matey

q: How are children like cellphones?
a: If youve lost one and havent found it in a couple days, chances are its probably dead.

q: Why cant train drivers be sentenced to the electric chair?
a: Because they're bad conductors.

q: What did you do in Iran?
a: I ran.

q: How many /r/Jokes users does it take to make a Joke?
a: WRONG! They don't make it, they steal it...

q: Why is an aborted baby so hard to fool?
a: Because It wasn't born yesterday.

q: Why did everyone turn away when the race car drove past?
a: It had a SPOILER on it.

q: What do you call someone who is attracted to Middle Easterns?
a: A Hummusexual. 

q: What did the American biscuit say to the British biscuit?
a: Girl you sure are sweet.

q: What's the difference between a man falling from 100ft and a man falling from 10ft ?
a: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh -  SMACK SMACK - aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

q: What do you call a Samsung 7 user taking a selfie?
a: A suicide bomber.

q: What's the difference between a 4chan user and a Cuck?
a: A cuck has a girlfriend.

q: Why did the blonde tie magnets to her fishing pole?
a: She was fishing for Steelhead Trout

q: What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?
a: A salad shooter.

q: What do you call a place where a black person sleeps?
a: A cocoon! 

q: How often to wizard journalists get paid?
a: They make a Daily Prophet.

q: Did you know light travels faster than sound?
a: That's why some people appear bright (until you hear them talk).

q: How do you communicate with a fish?
a: Drop him a line.

q: Why can't a Samsung be disguised as an iPhone?
a: Because eventually, its cover would be blown.

q: How to piss off the whole r/Jokes community?
a: Stolen from other subreddit.

q: What's a paedophile's favourite musical scale?
a: A minor

q: What's grey and comes in pints?
a: An Elephant.

q: Why did Tim Cook fire an unpaid intern lately?
a: His name was Jack

q: What does Miley Cyrus eat on Thanksgiving?
a: Twerkey!

q: What do the Japanese do during erections?
a: They vote. 

q: What triggers feminists?
a: Genders

q: How much does it cost to kill Tony Stark's parents?
a: Just one buck. 

q: What is the difference between Trump and Hillary?
a: She can't make America great again.

q: What do you call Nicky Minaj's ass?
a: Silicone valley

q: What do you call 2 horses side by side in a stable?
a: Neigh-bours.

q: What's the best thing about banging 28 year olds?
a: There's 20 of them. don't get triggered, just a joke! Paedophilia is not funny

q: What's the difference between a drummer and a toilet?
a: The toilet only has to take shit from one asshole at a time. . .

q: What do you call a brain surgeon that had a C- average?
a: A dentist

q: What do Reddit Users and Olive Oil have in common?
a: They're both extra virgin.

q: Why didn't George like driving through tunnels with people in his car?
a: He didn't want to get carpool tunnel syndrome.  

q: Why is Mortal Kombat X popular among SJWs?
a: Because it has the Block Button.

q: What do you call a former member of ISIS?
a: What do you call a former member of ISIS? WASWAS

q: What's big but small?
a: A midget's ego.

q: Ever notice how there's not many jokes about steaks?
a: It's a rare medium well done.

q: How does a coat steal something?
a: They jacket

q: Did you hear that Hillary dropped out of the presidential race?
a: They did a colonoscopy and found out she had a brain tumor.

q: What did drunk say to the blonde?
a: Nice ass.

q: Why is the Flying Spaghetti Monster made out of pasta?
a: Made out of bread was taken.

q: What did the tool box say to the hammer?
a: Toolsie!

q: How does a feminist change a light-bulb?
a: Just kidding, feminists don't change shit.

q: Why is Papyrus taller then Sans?
a: Because Papyrus drinks plenty of milk.

q: Whats an inmates favorite vegetable?
a: Cellery.

q: Why don't robots have brothers?
a: Because they all have trans-sisters

q: How many cops does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: None, they just beat up the room for being black.

q: Why are there no black CIA agents?
a: Because you'd never be able to convince him to help the massive drug smuggling conspiracy that's shipping cocaine into his family's neighborhood.

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA?
a: Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.

q: What's a redditors worst fear?
a: [OC]

q: What do you call three potassiums?
a: Racist

q: What do you call 'looking for a Korean'?
a: Seoul searching

q: Dad: Son, where were you at school hours?
a: Son: At school. The robot slaps the son. Son: Okay I was watching KungFu Panda! The robot slaps his son again.  Son: Okay I was watching violent movies!  Dad: What?! When I was your age I never watched those kinds of movies! The robot slaps the dad.  Mom: Haha, after all, he is your son. The robot slaps the mom...

q: How does Moses get his tea ready?
a: Hebrews 

q: Why is Steam called Steam?
a: Because the servers are always steaming hot

q: How come I didn't get upset when the Indian restaurant got my order wrong?
a: It was a Naan issue

q: How do you save a pirate's life?
a: C P Arrr!

q: What's the best way to kill your Mother-in-law?
a: "No idea, your Honor". 

q: Did you know?
a: A group of jellyfish is commonly referred to as "a group of jellyfish." 

q: Whens the worst time to eat candy?
a: When shes on her period.

q: Interviewer: How would you handle a complaint from a customer?
a: Applicant: Well that depends, what's the complaint? Interviewer: He's complaining that his burger had onions on it, even though he specifically asked they were to be removed. Applicant: Well I'd start by telling him he's in the retail section.

q: What do T-Rex's do for a living?
a: They're small arms dealers. 

q: What was Hitler's favorite animal?
a: Da cow

q: Who was the first striker?
a: Jesus. He went for the cross

q: Why can Kylie Jenner see right through Caitlin?
a: She's trans-parent.

q: What happens to a necrophiliac after death?
a: Reserection 

q: How does a Marxist jack off?
a: By seizing the means of reproduction. 

q: Did you know you can't watch porn on the IPhone 7?
a: Yea they took the jack off

q: What's the most frustrating part about being a sheep farmer?
a: Every time you try to take inventory, you fall asleep.  

q: What do you call it when Harrison Ford gets heatburn?
a: Indy-gestion  I'm sorry I'm a little drunk

q: What was Michael Jackson's favourite musical key?
a: A Minor

q: What does a girl want more than anything in the world?
a: Nothing. She's fine.

q: What's the best way to get gum out of your hair?
a: Cancer.

q: Did you hear that Trump said he'd eliminate food safety regulations?
a: It's the only way they can bring Trump steaks back. 

q: What's the difference between a mixologist and a bartender?
a: About ten minutes.

q: What does Pikachu say when he puts too much salsa on his food?
a: PIKA PIKA PIKA (Credit to my 5 year old son)

q: You guys hear about the new corduroy pillows?
a: Their making headlines! (Thanks  )

q: What does the chicken do to get through college?
a: She strips.

q: What sound does a street sweeper make?
a: Broom Broom

q: If a physicist named Lebowski discovered a particle, what would it be called?
a: The "L deuterino", if he wasn't into the whole brevity thing.

q: Who sell the products cheaper  a manufacturer or a distributor?
a: The store guard.

q: Why did the iPhone 7 cross the road?
a: To buy another pair of AirPods. 

q: What do women and computers have in common?
a: What do women and computers have in common?  You don't appreciate them until they go down on you.  

q: What does the Rose iphone 7 and the Titanic have in common?
a: They both lost Jack.

q: Why are hurricanes named with female names?
a: Because when they come, they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and car with them. 

q: What do seal hunters and teens have in common?
a: They both love clubbin'

q: Why do telescopes like the Moon so much?
a: Because they find him very down to earth. 

q: What do you call the belief that one kind of shoe is better than another?
a: Shoepremacy.

q: What did one cell say to his sister cell who stepped on his toe?
a: Mitosis.

q: What do you call a folder of child pornography?
a: A pedo-file.

q: Why do Muslim women not say amen?
a: Cause they say awoman.

q: What do you call a very small villain?
a: The Antagonist

q: Which rock band has 4 people but doesn't make music?
a: Mount Rushmore

q: What mathematical cube can you cook with?
a: A boolean cube!

q: What's the difference between a prostitute and a drug addict?
a: The prostitute can wash her crack and then use it again!

q: What is a businessman's favorite game?
a: Call of Duty: Economic Warfare

q: What is ez to cook?
a: CookEZ.

q: What do you call a dog who can do magic?
a: A labracadabrador

q: Why did the fox cross the road?
a: Cause there was a billion fucking chickens on the other side.

q: How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one to tell the three illegal immigrants he hired to do it.

q: You know how some dogs turn around several times before lying down and going to sleep?
a: They must be watch dogs. That's how they unwind.

q: Where's the loneliest place on earth at?
a: Hillary Clinton's vagina.

q: What happens when you mix human DNA with goat DNA?
a: You get kicked out of the petting zoo.

q: What does R. Kelly tell little girls on Halloween?
a: Urine for a treat!

q: What do you call the moisture build-up between two cousins having sex?
a: Relative humidity

q: Have you tried the new Mountain Dew flavor?
a: ... Butthole blast.

q: What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and the hookers in downtown Little Rock?
a: The hookers have real orgasms and fake diamonds.

q: Where does Dracula keep his tools?
a: The blood shed.

q: Why don't DJs make good pirates?
a: They push buttons when they work the deck. Gf told me this one this morning, wants to know what you think

q: What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale?
a: A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."

q: What is a fitting name for an arrogant mohel?
a: Hugh Bris

q: What do you call a blind deer?
a: No eye deer

q: What options does an abortionist have to get ashore?
a: Row vs. Wade

q: Which wrestler's weakness is the rain?
a: Dwayne Johnson

q: Why did the JavaScript programmer need glasses?
a: Because he couldn't C#

q: Want to hear a bad knock knock joke?
a: Ding Dong

q: What is it called when you buy drapes over the phone?
a: A curtain call. 

q: What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
a: They both can smell it, but can't eat it

q: If pro is the opposite of con.. Then what is the opposite of progress?
a: Congress.... Thank you George Carlin :)

q: Why did the old lady fall into the well?
a: She didn't see that well

q: The worst mix of diseases?
a: Alzheimer and diarrhea. You run but you don't remember where.

q: What did the Spanish Gorilla say at lunch time?
a: Yo tengo Harambe.

q: Why did Donald Trump love the new iPhone 7?
a: Deportation.

q: What do you call a Blonde in the dirt?
a: Her name was Cindy she had a husband and 2 children 

q: How I get my dick to be 12 inches?
a: I cut it in half 

q: What do you call a submissive who likes to bark like a dog?
a: A subwoofer.

q: Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet?
a: Because he was always lost at C! [ I'm  ]

q: Wanna hear why I love Dorian Gray jokes?
a: cause they never get old

q: Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road?
a: because it was stuck in a crack

q: Whats the worst thing to hear when you have explosive diarrhea?
a: "Are you ticklish?"

q: What did the tv say to the other tv?
a: I DONT FUCKING KNOW THEY ARE TVS!

q: Why do Americans order their dates Month/Day/Year?
a: Because 11/9 just doesn't have the same ring to it.

q: Groaner I came up with, my apologies. Why did the dog go to the funeral?
a: Because he was a paw bearer.

q: How do you fit 4 gay people on a barstool?
a: Flip it upside down.

q: What's the difference between a chick pea and a lentil?
a: I've never had a lentil on my chest.

q: What did Abe Lincoln say after a night of drinking?
a: "I set WHO free?"

q: Why didn't the triangle go outside to get a tan?
a: Cos the sine said so!

q: What is Hitler's favourite hobby??
a: Guess

q: Why aren't anal sex jokes funny?
a: Because they tend to be inside jokes.

q: Do cannibals prefer red or white wine with dinner?
a: They're not fussed, as long as it's full bodied.

q: What is a Jewish pedophiles pickup line?
a: Do you kids want to BUY some candy?  Hyuk hyuk hyuk. Credit to a very special lady. If the delivery was bad that's all me.

q: What's a whale's favourite brand of hair gel?
a: Krill Bream. 

q: What do you call a fly with no wings?
a: A walk.

q: Why did the riot police get to work early?
a: So they could beat the crowd. 

q: What do call a cup when drank from by a married woman?
a: A Mississippi cup.

q: Did you hear the joke about the pencil?
a: There's no point.

q: What did the lighter color shade tell to its dark lover?
a: I want hue.

q: What do Indian Flowers grow?
a: Patels. 

q: What do you call promoting a broom to the highest rank in the military?
a: A Sweeping Generalization.

q: What do you call an idiot?
a: You

q: What did the Pimp say to the stoned prostitute at the end of the night?
a: High Ho! High Ho! It's home from work I go!

q: How are vegans okay with drinking water?
a: They can't eat meat, but they can just destroy a fish's home for a glass of water? 

q: Why is camping considered an intense sport?
a: Because it's intense

q: Who's the healthiest member of the Army?
a: General Wellbeing

q: What's Mario's favorite fruit?
a: Peach.

q: What do a bungee jump and a hooker have in common?
a: They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.

q: Did you hear about Dr. Dank?
a: he checked meme out at 4:20. Said I have dope. Currently blazing it down the highway in his gr8 van. creddit 2 my m80

q: Why was the communist arrested?
a: He was caught red handed. 

q: What do you call Harper Lee's Mexican flying animal?
a: Tequila Mockingbird. 

q: What do you get when toss a hand grenade into a French kitchen?
a: Linoleum blownapart.

q: Did you hear about the guy who wanted to be reincarnated as a stud?
a: He woke up on a snow tire in Michigan.

q: Which internet search engine does Chandler from Friends use?
a: Google, like everybody does.

q: What does an English pimp do, after having tea and crumpets?
a: Tally Hoes

q: What's the difference between Sammy and Scooby-Doo?
a: Scooby-Doo doesn't have a dog.

q: How did the sperm cross the road?
a: I put the wrong socks on today. 

q: What is bigfoots favorite thing to eat?
a: Squash

q: have you seen the clown that hides from arseholes in asda?
a: no? well then...

q: What's the definition of divorce?
a: The screwing you get for the screwing you got!

q: What is Bruce Lee's favorite food?
a: Whoppaaah

q: What did Hillary Clinton's running mate say when reporters asked him his name?
a: "There are some who call me...Tim"

q: What machine do you need to make a girl fall in love with you ?
a: An ATM machine 

q: Why was the Taiwanese business man so stressed out?
a: Because he had a Taipei personality.

q: Why are there walls around a cemetery?
a: Because people are dying to get in.

q: What's Hillary Clinton's favorite pizza place?
a: Little Seizures.

q: What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and some glue?
a: You can tuna piano but you can't piano tuna!

q: What did one eyeball say to the other?
a: Between you and me, something smells.

q: Does your mom work at McDonald's?
a: Cuz i quarter-pounded her last night

q: Have you been to the two shop oddities market?
a: It's a little bazaar.

q: Why do they want to relocate the Sistine chapel in Boston?
a: Because it's more than a ceiling

q: How does a black mother tell her children apart?
a: She remembers them by their last names.

q: how do you know a Ethiopian beens drinking?
a: There's 2 grains of rice in the sink

q: What's a bigamist?
a: It's a large fog in Italy

q: What do you call a Muslim flying a plane?
a: The Pilot.... you racist fucks

q: How do you tell two witches apart?
a: You can't! You don't know which witch is which!

q: What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes?
a: Riposte.

q: Do you know why single women cant fart?
a: Because they dont get assholes until they are married.  (Of course depending on what sex you are just change it accordingly)

q: What does Mike Tyson do after 10pm?
a: He thlides into your DMth.

q: Did anyone else hear about that horror style remake Scotland did of "Sleepless in Seattle"?
a: It's called "Sheepless on Cialis".

q: Why do midgets giggle when running through a field?
a: The grass tickles their balls as they run. 

q: What's the difference between a baloon and a condom?
a: When a balloon pops - there's one less. When a condom pops - there's one more. Or more.

q: Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have sex with his wife?
a: Because whenever She gets hot, he hits her with a shovel.

q: How many dead hookers does it take to replace a light bulb?
a: At least more than eight, the light in my basement still doesn't work...

q: What's the most insensitive nickname you can give a person with diabetes?
a: Sweet Pee

q: What happens if Hillary Clinton gets so sick she dies before the general election?
a: ...she goes to hell

q: What's the best part about dating a black girl?
a: You don't have to meet her father.

q: How was copper wire invented?
a: Two jews found the same penny.

q: Why are Jedi kids so fat?
a: Because they were force fed.

q: Why are some of the richest people also the fattest?
a: Because they have a fortune (four-chin)

q: How come Chinese people dont have phone books?
a: They have so many Wing's and Wong's, they are afraid someone will Wing the Wong number. Heard this on the disney channel a long time ago will never forget it for that reason. Sorry if its a re post.

q: Why did Jesus stop playing hockey?
a: Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.

q: When do you REALLY know you need to break up with you GF?
a: When she starts winning arguments with you inner-voice.

q: Whats a Joke with no Punchline?
a: Life 

q: What did Hillary have for lunch the other day?
a: Little Seizures

q: What did the mermaid forget to bring to the maths lesson?
a: Her algae bra.

q: Did you hear about the sequel to Schindler's List set after his death?
a: They're calling it Schindler's Missed.

q: Why couldn't Oscar save the Greek Jewish Popodopolous brothers suring the war?
a: Schindler's lisp.

q: Baby are you on the waiver wire?
a: because im about to pick you up!

q: Why did the farmer win an award?
a: because he was out-standing in his field

q: What do Starbucks customers that can't go through the drive thru get on their pumpkin spice latte?
a: No whip.

q: What do you call a pig on the Beach?
a: Bay-Con

q: Did you know that dogs can't get MRI's?
a: only cat's can

q: Why did the old lady fall in the well?
a: She couldn't see that well

q: What did the super-strong chlorella ask the moderately-weak chlorella?
a: Do you even algae-bruh?

q: Did you hear about the 120-pound guy with the 60-pound ballsack?
a: People say he was half-nuts!

q: What does Tim Cook have for breakfast in the morning?
a: Not Apple Jacks

q: What's the difference between a Warlock and a Sorcerer?
a: Apart from the Spelling?

q: What's the name of the elite hacking group from Canada?
a: Anonymoose

q: Why was Jack scared?
a: Because Jack was bean stalked

q: How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal?
a: handsfree

q: How do you organize a party in space?
a: You planet!

q: Who else have gone through this Sarcasm?
a: Me: Baby, I was thinking about you so sending you  She: Thanks for Thinking

q: Why is a miscarriage like a shitty pizza?
a: They're both cold upon delivery.

q: How do Mexicans cut their pizza?
a: Little Caesars

q: What is the best pickup line for Rwandans?
a: "Congratulations! Your parents survived the genocide!"

q: What kind of gardening is done in the hood?
a: Weeding

q: What do you call a boy with no arms and legs in the middle of the ocean?
a: Bobby

q: What's the best pokemon in pokemon go?
a: It's Victreebel if you go to a gym you will always get a victory with it.

q: What is the design philosophy of the iPhone 7?
a: Jack off

q: You know what's the common thing between iPhone 7 and the board on Titanic?
a: There is no room for Jack

q: What's the difference between a redneck, and a SJW?
a: A redneck's trigger actually does something

q: How do you get a fire started?
a: You burn some fagots Look up the definition before commenting/down voting...

q: What do you call a steak that is a girl?
a: Miss.Steak

q: What do you call a Jamaican proctologist?
a: Dr. Pokemon.

q: What's your view on lesbians?
a: 1080p

q: What's red and invisible?
a: No tomatoes.

q: What's Trump's least favourite vegetable?
a: Cillary!

q: Notice anything?
a: B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T V W Y Z Because Apple removed the AUX

q: Do you know the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
a: I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: What advice would you give to a fish?
a: Stay in school and keep up with current affairs.

q: How do you say constipated in german?
a: Farhfrumpoopin'.

q: What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
a: A pouch potato. 

q: What is the skin on you forearm called?
a: Foreskin. Budam tss 

q: Why are NASCAR drivers good at cunnilingus?
a: Lots of practice laps.

q: Why did the video of the eighth note get taken off of youtube?
a: It got flagged.

q: A kid asks his dad, "what's the difference between 'realistically' and 'potentially'"?
a: His dad responds, "realistically you've heard this joke before, potentially, you will hear it again".

q: Why did Joey fall of the swing?
a: Because he doesn't have arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Joey.

q: Did you hear about the priest that got knighted?
a: Congratulations to Sir Mon

q: What do you call a gay drive-by?
a: A fruit roll up.

q: What does it take to start a rave in Ethiopia?
a: Nail a piece of meat to the ceiling

q: You know that problem people have where they eat whatever is in front of them?
a: That's why I cant be a gynecologist.

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate?
a: The "P" is silent

q: If a kiss is first base, and making love is a home run, what do you call a threesome?
a: Extra Innings!

q: Why does ACDC prefer Android to Apple?
a: She's Got The Jack

q: Is sex work?
a: If so, then I am unemployed.

q: Why would I donate 2 to save a kid's life?
a: I'd rather spend that 2 on a condom to prevent a kid's life.

q: What do you call two gay Irishmen?
a: Patrick Fitzmichael and Michael Fitzpatrick

q: Why couldn't Hillary Clinton keep up her US presidential campaign?
a: She was let down by a weak Constitution.

q: What's al Qaeda's favorite football team?
a: The New York Jets.

q: What did the math teacher tree say to the music teacher tree?
a: Nice log rhythms 

q: What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on it?
a: Not much. It just gave a little whine.

q: Why don't snakes have legs?
a: Because otherwise they'd be lizards.

q: What's the difference between being hungry and horny?
a: Where you put the cucumber in

q: Is the world manichean or relativist ?
a: I'd say it's a little bit of both.

q: What's the weather like in Iraq ?
a: Sunni in the North Shiite in the South.

q: What do you call a Jewish Ginger?
a: Gingerbread. Edit: Here comes the downvote brigade, haha!

q: Why was William killed when he entered the army?
a: The commander said, "fire at will"...

q: Why did the farmer's bucket keep singing songs?
a: Because it was haulin' oats.

q: What do you call a prude's bra?
a: Fort knockers!

q: What did the grocery clerk say when he bumped his head when he was in the freezer?
a: Nothing, he was knocked out  .

q: Why do Americans suck at Dota 2?
a: Because they are bad at defending tower!

q: Why was Heisenberg's wife unhappy?
a: Whenever he had the energy, he didn't have the time.

q: What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians?
a: A drummer.

q: Did you hear Kim Jong Un banned sarcasm?
a: Woops, thought this was 

q: How do I invest in the Umbrella Corporation?
a: Because either Project Hillary or Project Donald will become a success.

q: What do you call the boyfriend of a beheaded prositute?
a: The headless whore's man

q: How many Vietnam veterans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: You weren't there, man!

q: Why did Patrick's girlfriend have to go to the doctor?
a: She had a weast infection.

q: What was the last pizza order at the Twin Towers?
a: Two large plains. 

q: Why was the fish swimming alone?
a: Because he left the school. 

q: What do you call LeVar Burton that survived months of being lost in the wilderness?
a: Geordi La Forage

q: Why don't atheists use exponents?
a: Because they don't believe in higher powers.

q: Did you guys hear the joke about the stunt man's flame?
a: It was retarded

q: How do Muslims laugh?
a: Muahahahamed Note: I don't have any prejudices against Islamic people.

q: Why is the US terrible at league of legends?
a: Because they can't protect their towers.

q: Is it okay to post Islam jokes?
a: Coz they really blow me away

q: What Saudi funded event ended in a massive collapse on 9/11?
a: Hillary Clinton's campaign. 

q: What's funnier than a dead baby?
a: Dead baby in clowns costume.

q: What do Hillary Clinton and the World Trade Center have in common?
a: Both collapsed on 9/11 after becoming overheated. 

q: Why did the baby cross the road?
a: It didn't hit the car's windshield.

q: Why are the twin towers and genders so similar?
a: Because there used to be 2 of them, but it's offensive to joke about that now.

q: What do you call a 53 year old who has sex with a 9 year old?
a: 1.6 billion people call him Muhammad.

q: What was the first thing Adam said to Eve?
a: Stand back! I don't know how big it's going to get!

q: How does the leper give directions?
a: "It's straight ahead, just   my finger".

q: What's incredibly fast and smells like curry?
a: Usain Bolti.

q: What does toilet paper and office paper have in common?
a: You can write on both of them with a No. 2

q: What has 4 legs but cant move?
a: A child born in Chernobyl, duh.

q: What do you call two Chinese government massacres?
a: Tienanmen squared

q: What was Osama Bin Laden's name before he was killed?
a: Osama Being Laden

q: What do you call a guy with no shins?
a: Tony. :)

q: What was the last thing going through the minds of the 9/11 jumpers before they died?
a: Their ankles. 

q: Why should men not engage in esports while horny?
a: They get erekt.

q: What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
a: You stop milking a cow after 10 years

q: Why are 9/11 victims the best readers?
a: They can go through 94 stories in seconds!

q: What do you call fans of the new iPhone 7?
a: Pod people.

q: Why did God create man?
a: Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn.

q: What's the difference between a everyone and a bullet?
a: Everyone misses Harambe.

q: Why did the Stormtrooper buy an iPhone?
a: Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.

q: You know when you get that urge to eat something just because it's there?
a: Anyway, I lost my job as a gynaecologist today.

q: What did the troll say to the new user who accidentally made a repost?
a: Reddit already. Downvote. 

q: What's a the number one cause of death for birds?
a: Cardinal arrest!

q: Why do I watch the Cosby show?
a: I enjoy dark humour. Yes, this was both a rapist and racial joke.

q: What do Japanese people do during an erection?
a: They go to the polls and vote.

q: Whats the difference between ignorance and apathy?
a: I dont know and I dont care.

q: Whale you be my Valentine?
a: Dolphinately 

q: Why would 12:00 make the best cop?
a: "Hands up"

q: What is Apple's favorite song?
a: "Hit the Road Jack"

q: How many ants does it take to fill an apartment?
a: Ten ants (Tenants)

q: Is it possible for God to be a Cheeto Puffed?
a: Because these taste pretty fucking great. EDIT: I'm getting downvoted but figure this is the reddit algorithm! cheeky cunts

q: What do you call a smart guy in US?
a: A tourist.

q: Why isnt suntanning an Olympic sport?
a: Because the best you can get is bronze.

q: What does a stegosaurus eat off of?
a: His plates.  -Jude; My five-year-old son

q: How did the nervous female organ that was going to Hollywood feel?
a: They were overreacting.

q: Interviewer: What hobbies do you have outside of school?
a: Applicant: Well I often perform at local hubs doing stand up comedy. Interviewer: Really? Do you write your own material? Applicant: Not really, I just copy quotes from the US elections.

q: Did you see planet of the apes?
a: It drove the audience bananas!

q: What's the most popular sports channel in Mexico?
a: ESPOL

q: How do you make five pounds of fat fun?
a: Add a nipple.

q: How does Greenland win a war?
a: Nuuks.

q: Which weighs more, a 100 pounds of gold or a 100 pounds of feathers?
a: I don't care! I'm fuckin' rich!

q: Did you hear about the Irishman that was attacked by a carpenter?
a: I heard he was hammered

q: What did the door say to the other door?
a: I can see your Knob Simple yet effective 

q: Why can't you tell jokes to kleptomaniacs?
a: Because they always take things, literally.

q: Why is a baker's dozen 13 instead of 12?
a: In case one dozen come out right.

q: What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?
a: You can't milk a cow for 15 years.

q: What food makes women stop having sex?
a: A wedding cake 

q: what's the difference between an alcoholic and a junkie?
a: They are both going to rob you but the Junkie is going to help you look for what they took.

q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a Bonobo Monkey?
a: One is a sex-obsessed wild animal ...  and the other is the former President of the United States!

q: Why did the kids not receive presents for Christmas?
a: Because Rudolph intentionally grounded the team...

q: What do Indian girls have at sleepovers?
a: Pilau Fights.

q: Did you know that our number system is from the Arabians?
a: But they go the other way likes this 3..2..1..BOOM!

q: Why do all black men have nightmares?
a: The one with a dream was shot.

q: What do you call a band of unlucky politicians?
a: The Dead Kennedys.

q: 9/11 Who?
a: Knock Knock Who's there? 9/11 9/11 Who? I thought you said you would never forget!

q: How does my vegetarian girlfriend get her source of protein?
a: suckin off other dudes...

q: What's the deal with black people?
a: They're not black, and they're not people!

q: What's the difference between a Mercedes and Princess Diana?
a: The Mercedes can easily reach 40.

q: Why did the geologist get divorced?
a: He took his wife for granite. 

q: Did you hear about the rabbit with OCD?
a: It was a hare meticulous.

q: Why was the photo acquitted in his trial at court?
a: Because he was framed!

q: What do you call a radio that walks?
a: A walkie talkie.

q: What's the hardest part when watching a toddler burn to death?
a: My erection

q: What does snowman say to the other snowman?
a: What does snowman say to the other snowman?  - It smells of carrots!

q: Who do you call during a Zika virus emergency?
a: The SWAT team

q: WHAT DO WE WANT!?
a: CLEARED TIMES ON OUR MICROWAVES! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? 0:00!

q: What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common?
a: JACK OFF

q: How did you sleep?
a: With closed eyes.

q: What do KKK and intensive training have in common?
a: they both make black guys run faster

q: What is a heroin addict's favorite website?
a: Instagram.

q: Did you hear about that poor gymnast's bank account?
a: Her balance was outstanding. 

q: Did you hear about the man that had his entire left side cut off?
a: He's all right now

q: What did the muslim say to the other muslim when they were surfing?
a: That was radical!

q: What's it called when you make sure you don't spill the wine?
a: Being carafe-ful.

q: Where do bloods never want to get buried?
a: Crypts. BLOODS FOR LIFE.

q: Have you heard about the humble farmer?
a: He's a grower, not a shower.

q: Why did Apple employee get away jacking off in the office?
a: Because there are no windows!

q: What do you call a bad Russian pool player?
a: Skratchov

q: What do you call a fat psychic?
a: A four chin teller

q: What did the Apple Phone designer do when he got home?
a: Jack off

q: How many Android users does it take to buy an iPhone?
a: Zero.  Apple doesn't accept EBT.

q: That's the difference between tech support and a mass shooter?
a: One is a troubleshooter, while the other is a troubled shooter.

q: Why was Napoleon's last name Bonaparte?
a: He didn't have any ligaments 

q: What kind of shrimp does Chris Brown like?
a: Battered shrimp.

q: What's the difference between a black man and Batman?
a: Batman can go inside a store without Robin

q: What did the ISIS leader gift to all his followers?
a: The Samsung Note 7

q: What did the PEE CLUB SOCIETY said to me on the taster session?
a: URINE!

q: What do Twitter users and regular humans have in common?
a: Both start off as eggs.

q: Why do Apples new headphones look like tampons?
a: Because they're made exclusively for cunts.

q: What happens when you offend a professor of various human aspects?
a: You owe them an anthrapology

q: Why did the chicken lock itself in the freezer?
a: to get to the other side.

q: Why cant Schizophrenics be alcoholics?
a: because they never drink alone.

q: Why is it so hard for men to get on Christian Mingle?
a: Only women get a "SUBMIT" button.

q: Why are Americans bad at chess?
a: They lost two towers

q: What does a boat have in common with a ballsack?
a: They both have a lot of seamen

q: What did the optimistic cancer patient say about his tumor?
a: It's growing on me.

q: What happens to Germans when they eat too many lemons?
a: They become sour krauts.

q: What's got two legs, spots and bleeds?
a: Half a cheetah.

q: How Many Friendzoned Guys Does It Take To Change A Lightbulb?
a: None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.

q: What do Apple and Titanic have in common?
a: They both killed Jack.

q: Why are leprechauns always laughing?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls when they run.

q: How did the serpent tempt Eve to eat the apple ?
a: By jacking off.

q: What do a d20 and my penis have in common?
a: Girls don't play with either of them.

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman?
a: Snowballs

q: What does it mean when a man is in your bed gasping for breath and calling your name?
a: You didn't hold the pillow down long enough.

q: How does a bimbo commit suicide?
a: By jumping off her heels.

q: Why are there so many female archaeologists?
a: Because women love digging up old shit.  

q: What has eight arms and an IQ of 60?
a: Four guys watching a football game.

q: Why doesn't Texas float away into the Gulf of Mexico?
a: Because Oklahoma sucks. 

q: What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The corn farmer shucks between fits, whilst the prostitute fucks between shits.

q: What do you call a potato in space?
a: Spudnik 

q: What did Samsung say to Apple?
a: You don't no jack!

q: What do you call a Microbiologist who travels the world?
a: A Man of many Cultures

q: What does a gay orgy sound like?
a: A cockophony.

q: Can a human outrun a Cheetah?
a: Nope, unless there's drug test

q: What's the difference between the people and bullets?
a: The people miss Harambe.

q: What do you call an essay in a flash drive???
a: who wants 2 try?

q: Why aren't there any feminists in Japan?
a: Whale huntings legal 

q: Hillary and Trump crash in a plane, who survives?
a: The United States

q: What's the most surprising advancement in tech?
a: Headphone jacks are obsolete.

q: What are facts about canines we must believe?
a: Dogma

q: How does Donald Trump screw in a light bulb?
a: He can't. His hands are too small.

q: Why did the gay man take two aspirin with his Viagra?
a: So sex wouldn't be such a pain in the arse.

q: What's the difference between E.T and illegal immigrants?
a: E.T actually learned English and wanted to go home.

q: How does a feminist kill a spider?
a: Not, she is not man enough to do it.

q: How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One..... Or two...

q: Why are the new iPhones so skinny?
a: To match their hipster owners' jeans. 

q: Why do ghosts get invited to parties?
a: Because they always bring boos.

q: How many monkeys does it take to write a Shakespeare novel by accident?
a: As many as it takes   submitters to write an original joke. (by accident)

q: What do you say to give an electrician encouragement?
a: "You conduit!"

q: Did you hear about the paperboy who used to masturbate on the job?
a: No? Really? Weird, it was all over the news.

q: Have you ever had hemorrhoids?
a: They're a pain in the ass to deal with.

q: How many Hillary Clinton fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. Hillary Clinton fans prefer to stay in the dark.

q: Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump are on a deserted island. Who survives?
a: America.

q: What do you get when you're sick in Italy?
a: Pox Romana

q: How do you fit 20 Jews in a car?
a: Two in the front, three in the back and 15 in the ashtray.

q: How do you make Hitler cry?
a: Easy just show him his gas bill.

q: what's the difference between an epileptic corn husker, and a hooked with diarrhea?
a: One Shucks between Fits.  

q: How do you find a blind guy on a nude beach?
a: It's not hard

q: How do you keep idiots waiting?
a: I'll tell you later

q: What do you call a bond...?
a: *Note: This actually happened in my classroom just now Professor: What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the canadian market, in canadian currency? Students: ... Professor: Maple Bonds. What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the japanese market, in japanese currency? Students: ... Professor: Samurai Bonds. What do you call bonds issued by a foreign entity in the US market, in US currency? Obesity Bonds?

q: What do Greek teenagers say?
a: Omega!!  Note: surely it already exists but I thought of it independently and am proud of my terrible joke!

q: Why did Boba Fett work alone?
a: Because he was hunting Solo.

q: What did the lactose intolerant guy say after having a glass of milk?
a: Please excuse my dairy air 

q: What do you call a can made in Mexico?
a: A Mexican.

q: How does a muslim man close a door?
a: Islams it!

q: What does a feminist and a landmine have in common?
a: They explode when triggered.

q: What superhero consists of only 16 atoms?
a: Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAN!!

q: Why are there no headache pills in Troy?
a: Cause Paracetamol 

q: How do you know that you're a peaceful country?
a: When you realize that you can't spell country without UN. 

q: What do you call a small black person?
a: Tinyrone.

q: What's the difference between humans and bullets?
a: Humans miss Harambe.

q: What do you call two bobs that are sexually related?
a: Discumbobulated

q: Have you ever heard the joke about the three wells?
a: "No" "Well, well, well...."

q: What do you call a Messiah that enjoys pain?
a: A masochrist. 

q: How can you tell a dark chocolate bar is male?
a: it has a creamy milk filling

q: How did the english teacher know his student was pregnant?
a: She started missing periods

q: What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
a: You have to sit at the back of the oven

q: If anger from hunger is called "hanger", what is sadness called?
a: "Melancalorie"

q: what do you call an alligator in a vest?
a: An Investigator

q: Why do donuts have holes in the center?
a: Because the inventor of the donut wanted to give us a whole experience.

q: What does Ukraine have in common with the iPhone 7?
a: They both suffered the loss of one very important port.

q: Where's is Shaq's appearance most terrifying?
a: On a beach near Boston.

q: 3 men in a boat with 4 cigarettes but no way to light them. What do they do?
a: Throw one cigarette away and the boat becomes one cigarette lighter.

q: Why do midgets always fight?
a: Short tempers.

q: How many stream cleaners does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Sorry, they can only change the floor essence. 

q: Why did the donut go to the dentist?
a: To get a filling!

q: What do you call a Chinese billionaire?
a: Cha Ching

q: Is There a War?
a: Two women neighbors are talking. 'Mary, what's wrong with you? Are you ill? I saw the doctor coming out of your house twice last week.' 'So what? I saw an officer coming out of your house five times last week but I'm not saying that a war has broken out.'

q: How do you break a blondes nose?
a: Put a dildo under a glass table. 

q: What does 7-11 have in common with women?
a: Both of their eggs have sell-by dates.

q: How many IT professionals does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Have you tried turning it off and back on? 

q: What do you do when you see a Flock of Seagulls?
a: You run. You run so far away.

q: What's the difference between Paul Walker and my computer?
a: I give a fuck when my computer crashes.

q: What do you call a garbage man who kidnaps women?
a: A cunttainer

q: What did the uncle give his 9 year old, blind and deaf niece for her birthday?
a: a sexually transmitted disease

q: What's the difference between a golf ball and a G spot?
a: A man will spend 20 minutes looking for a golf ball. 

q: What's worse than having ants in your pants?
a: Uncles.

q: Do you suffer under post traumatic stress disorder and panic attacks?
a: The answer might surprise you!

q: What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball?
a: What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? She choked...

q: Why are there so many female archeologists?
a: Because women love digging up the past.

q: You realize that Islam is a religion of peace right??
a: There's a piece of you here, a piece of you over here, another piece over there..

q: How do you take a Mexican family portrait?
a: Put them in the back of a truck and run a red light. 

q: What are golfers afraid of?
a: The bogey monster

q: How do you cook a deer?
a: Grill the steak or cook it in a skillet.  Bring the steak up to room temperature before cooking. Season both sides of the steak with salt and pepper.  Sear both sides.  Bard the meat with butter.  Cook the steak to rare-medium.  Rest the steak for 5-7 minutes.

q: When Chris brought over his musl*m girlfriend to meet the family, what did they say?
a: "Nice scarf! Must be cold where you came from! Do you guys want coffee?"

q: What did the failed suicide bomber say when he was being hauled away by the police?
a: You haven't seen the blast of me!!!

q: What do you do if a bird shits on your windscreen?
a: Don't take her out again.

q: Why was the man arrested for having his skin flute played?
a: It was in A-minor

q: What's the difference between fighting on the internet and participating in the paralympics?
a: None, even if you win, you're still retarded.

q: Hey guys do you believe in the Zodiac?
a: I do , I'm a Leo , I loved Titantic. Ironically,my grandmother was a cancer and she was killed by a giant crab .  EDIT : Yes this is a Bo Burnham joke , I just want people to enjoy it before people call me out.

q: Did you hear about the drug dealer with arthritis?
a: He had bad joints.

q: How do you get a Jewish girl's number?
a: Roll up her sleeve.

q: What's the difference between a ginger girl and a vampire?
a: One bursts into flames in the sunlight, and the other is a vampire.

q: What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer?
a: Ash

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping?
a: They had to wake him up...

q: Interviewer: Where were you born?
a: Me: Missouri. I: What state are you in now? M: Apathy. I: That's not what I meant. M: I don't care.

q: What do you call a black woman who has had 8 abortions?
a: A crime fighter.

q: Did you hear about the new LSU Visa card coming out?
a: You get Les Miles and zero points

q: On which side of the road do you drive?
a: -Left. -Well, that doesn't sound right.

q: Who is a Chinese feminist's least favorite Winnie the Pooh character?
a: Trigger.

q: Do you know who cries the most during the end of Titanic?
a: Metal fans.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and Brexit?
a: Brexit has actually affected society.

q: What did the letter O say to the letter Q?
a: "Hey, your dick is hanging out"

q: What is Sean Murray's favorite song ?
a: The sound of silence 

q: British Bake-Off?
a: I prefer British Bac-on

q: How many guys in the Friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None.  They just stand around complimenting it, and then get pissed when another guy screws it.

q: What do pizzas and parents have in common?
a: If they are black, you've got nothing to eat.

q: How does an angry Muslim close the door?
a: Islams It.

q: Student: Could I be trouble for something I didn't do?
a: Teacher: Of course not.  Student: Good, because I didn't do my homework. 

q: Who is Superman's brother?
a: Supperman. Or his kid Soup-erman. One just gets to dinner on time and the other is really good and making soup. E: I thought of it in it in a dream so thats why its not so good

q: Why did man invent curling?
a: To convince women sweeping was a sport.

q: whats the score when 10 mexicans shoot 10 black men?
a: 10-0 for America 

q: Why isn't Hitler invited to any barbecues?
a: Because he always burns the franks.

q: What do you call a confused Asian?
a: Disoriental.

q: Does anyone else have a really hard time having a conversation on a carousel?
a: I always feel like I'm talking in circles.

q: Charlie has 3 chocolates in the morning and 8 chocolates at night, what does he have?
a: He has DIABETES!

q: If you could have a Dodge Viper or the girl of your dreams, what colour would it be?
a: Black and blue of course. ... The girl, not the car. (Courtesy of my son, the sicko).

q: What does a redditor say when they see a YouTube link they can't click on?
a: Give me the gif of it.

q: Why are french rifles always in great condition?
a: They've never been fired and only dropped once.

q: How many PETA members does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They can't change anything.

q: Why did Beyonc sing "to the left, to the left"?
a: Because black people don't have rights.

q: What does an Internet frog say?
a: Reddit Reddit

q: What's Cain's favorite genre of music?
a: Rock, I hear his brother hates it though. 

q: What do you call an Asian man with one leg?
a: Tai-Wan-Shu

q: What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer?
a: The freezer doesn't fart when you take out the sausage. 

q: What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with garbage bags?
a: A Pillow Fight

q: Do you have eggs for breakfast?
a: Kevin bacon

q: Why is Donald Trump investing in cloning, choirs, aviaries, and bakeries?
a: So he can sing a song of six Pence, with a pocket full of rye, and four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie. 

q: How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. They just hold it in the socket and expect the world to revolve around them.

q: How does Stephen Hawking commit suicide?
a: Alt-F4

q: How do you kill a weightlifting ostrich?
a: You shoot it.

q: What do you call a slutty horse?
a: A Whorse

q: What do you call a fart from Donald Trump?
a: EnRICHed gas.

q: What do you call a city full of neckbeards?
a: M'tropolis

q: Did you hear ab the cat who climbed the tree outside the bank?
a: They made him branch manager 

q: What's the difference between an Indian chef and a politician?
a: I don't have a dead politician in my basement.

q: Whats the difference between a Windows computer and My penis?
a: One has Microsoft and the other is Micro and Soft

q: Why does the nudist always go to bed early?
a: Because he never sleeps in much!

q: What did Peyton say to his younger brother when he didn't understand him?
a: Eli5

q: Why does Missouri share borders with the most amount of States?
a: Because Missouri loves company 

q: What is a redditor's best character in Super Smash Brothers?
a: Meta-Knight

q: Who wants to hear a joke about potassium?
a: Who wants to hear a joke about potassium? K

q: Do clickbaits really work?
a: Yeah apparently

q: How much did the pirate pay for corn?
a: A buck an ear!

q: How did Zarathustra introduce his peanut-based health drink?
a: "I teach you the goober quench!"

q: What do computers and reincarnation have in common?
a: Switching Users

q: What does the physicist have to eat when he goes to the pub?
a: Fission chips. 

q: What's the difference between bullets and people?
a: People miss Harambe

q: What do you call a black rapper with no future?
a: Future

q: What does AIDS stand for?
a: What does AIDS stand for? Anally Injected Death Sentence. What does GAY stand for? Got Aids Yet?

q: What do you call a large group of tan and black dogs passing through Deutschland?
a: A German Shepherd

q: My opinion on mediums where ideas and views on a particular issue can be exchanged?
a: I'm forum. 

q: What do you call a black abortion clinic?
a: Crimestoppers.

q: What do you call a person who's happy on a Monday?
a: Unemployed.

q: What's white on top and black on the bottom?
a: A: Society. 

q: How do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard. 

q: Whats the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Phelps  can finish a race.

q: Why is Dick short for Richard?
a: Genetics, I guess

q: What do all men at single's bars have in common?
a: They're married.

q: What is a blonde's favorite vegetable?
a: Salad

q: Planning on using a last generation CPU for your PC build?
a: Might Haswell! Credit:   in 

q: What's the quickest way to kill 100 Mexicans?
a: Blow up their car.

q: What does the earth say to the moon during a solar eclipse?
a: "OOh, that's perfect right there. Just stay right there... Dude?..Alright, whatever... This side of the moons a dick."

q: What do kazoos and my father have in common?
a: They were both around for a short time in the '90s only to be unheard of from then on.

q: How did Henry V reload his rifle?
a: Once more into the breech, dear friends

q: Did Trump make the right choice when choosing his VP?
a: It de-Pence on who you ask.

q: Girl, are you an HM move?
a: 'Cause I can't seem to forget about you!

q: What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich?
a: What's the difference between a baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck my sandwich before i eat it.

q: What does the internet need to take when its constipated?
a: Google Fiber Note: Randomly came up with this joke today

q: What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer?
a: Ash Ketchum.

q: How do you get to a position of power in a science lab?
a: Work over time

q: What do you call a war between two cannibal tribes?
a: A food fight.

q: How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish?
a: Give him test tickles. 

q: What does an egg say when it's drunk?
a: Omelette

q: What do you call someone who blows himself up by accident?
a: An Errorist!

q: Did you know there is a species of antelope capable of jumping higher than the average house?
a: This is due to its powerful hind legs and the fact that the average house cannot jump.

q: Want to hear a joke about pizza?
a: Nevermind It's to cheesy.

q: What's the motto for Child Protective Services?
a: "You shake em' we take em!"

q: What do you get an undertaker for a wedding gift?
a: His and Hearse towels

q: Why is Max always late?
a: "hey guys be here at 8:15 pm, max 8:30"

q: What's the difference between Iron Man And Iron Woman?
a: Iron Man is a superhero, Iron Woman is a command.

q: Why are gay men so well dressed?
a: They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing.

q: What happens when a rock gets high?
a: He gets stoned.. Badum tsss

q: Want to hear a joke about construction?
a: Sorry, it still isn't finished yet.

q: Who makes the music for the Marvel movies?
a: The Avengers Ensemble.

q: Why did Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand?
a: So she could moan with the other.

q: Why can't you email a photo to a Jedi?
a: Because attachments are not allowed. 

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac?
a: He lay awake in bed all night, wondering if there was really a dog.

q: What's life like with alchohol?
a: Depressing.  What's life like without alchohol? Depressing.  I need friends. 

q: What's a tents favorite kind of meat?
a: Stakes 

q: What's the difference between racism and asians?
a: Racism has many faces.

q: What's a horses favourite condiment?
a: Mayonneighs 

q: why does the official Reddit app aways crash?
a: Unfortunately Reddit has stopped working, would you like to report the issue?

q: What do you call violence in the kitchen?
a: Assault and pepper

q: Did you hear about the contortionist who filed for bankruptcy?
a: He couldn't make ends meet.

q: What's the difference between a Goodyear tire and 365 condoms?
a: One is a Goodyear and one is a great year

q: What was the philosopher's last thought before he descended into quicksand?
a: I sink therefore I am.

q: Don't you hate it when you already know the flow of the joke?
a: So my neighbor's kid died from sucking my son's dick. We watched.

q: Why are Samsung phones so popular?
a: Because you C4 of them exploding every day 

q: How do Medieval sheep protest prisons?
a: They storm the baaaastille.

q: What's the difference between an arts graduate and a pizza?
a: A pizza can feed a family

q: What's the best part about dating a homeless women?
a: You can drop her off anywhere. 

q: What kind of mic did Kurt Cobain use?
a: A shotgun mic!

q: What do you call a magic owl?
a: Hoo-dini!

q: What personal question is not obvious yet nobody has ever needed to ask anyone?
a: Are you vegan?

q: What do you call it when you paid all your bills?
a: Feedom.

q: Did you guys hear about the kidnapping?
a: He woke up.

q: Do you know where russians get their milk?
a: MosCow

q: What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?
a: I don't know and I don't care.

q: Why did nobody want to be around Hitler?
a: Because he was very gassy.

q: Why did the feminist fail in programming?
a: She hated objectification.

q: What's the best version of Microsoft Office?
a: Microsoft Office 36543

q: What do you call it when someone leaves at the first sign of a hurricane?
a: A premature evacuation.

q: What is condemned and overused yet as inescapable as a black hole?
a: clickbait -_-

q: France and Italy Go to War. Who Wins?
a: Neither.  France Surrenders, and Italy Changes Sides.

q: What do you call an unsweetened, kosher lemonade?
a: acidic juice

q: What's Obama's favorite word?
a: uh...

q: What do you call a huge pair of tits you want to see but never get a chance to?
a: Cliffhangers 

q: Why are there so many Redditor archeologists?
a: Because   loves digging up the past.

q: What do you get if you cross a river with a bridge?
a: to the other side.

q: What does Tammy Wynette do to beat the heat?
a: Stands by her fan.

q: What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
a: Not being 

q: What do you do in a master bathroom?
a: Masterbathe.

q: What do you call the security at a Samsung store?
a: Guardians of the Galaxy, or firefighters. 

q: How can you tell if a Canadian is an existentialist?
a: Instead of saying "I'm an existentialist, eh."  They will say "I'm an existentialist, ... be."

q: [Game of Thrones] How do you ask a Northerner if they are of noble descent?
a: Arya Stark?

q: Where is Engagement, Ohio?
a: It's somewhere between Dayton and Marion. 

q: Who do you call if Everlast is having a heart attack?
a: Eminem.

q: How did the grandpa get rid of his sweet tooth?
a: He took out his dentures!

q: Where does a redditor's slutty girlfriend hide her other boyfriend?
a: Idaho.

q: What did the pirate say when he was accepted into flight school?
a: It's a pilot's life for me! 

q: How many Jews fit in a car?
a: 2 in the front, 2 in the back, 1 in the trunk, and 6 000 000 in the ashtray

q: What's a mailman's favorite country?
a: Parcelona

q: Who won the first Tour de France?
a: The Panzer SS 1st Division 

q: What did Hitler say to his annoying friend?
a: Leave me alone! I'm trying to 

q: What's a Monk's favorite breakfast food?
a: Well, they're vegetarians so probably not what you're thinking...

q: What do you call a gay Eskimo ?
a: I dunno, but he's the only one in my tribe...

q: Why is a beer like a woman?
a: After you drink one you can't shut up or drive.

q: Why were there so many Hawaiian lei's at the funeral?
a: the obituary read "Please send donations in luau flowers."

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and were in a fatal car crash, who survives?
a: Bill and Monica, ooops I mean Melania!

q: What is the longest word in the English language?
a: SMILES because there is a mile between the first and last letters!

q: What goes in God's Toilet?
a: Holy crap.

q: What PC does Adele use?
a: A Dell.

q: What do the twin towers and gender have in common?
a: The Bush

q: Whats the difference between a guy who has a new Mercedes and a guy who has an old Mercedes?
a: The guy who has a new Mercedes is rich. The guy who has an old Mercedes has been rich for a longer time.

q: Did you hear about the drunken idiot who flew into a black hole?
a: I don't think he understood the gravity of his situation.

q: Why did the French police arrested the Muslim teenager?
a: Because he was trying to detonate a Samsung Note 7.

q: Does a Priest have a wife?
a: He has nun.

q: What is Samsung's next Note series phone after Note 7?
a: Samsung Not Explode

q: How do you make a baker cry?
a: Kill his family

q: What is Michael Bay's favorite phone?
a: Note 7

q: Would you have sex with an alien?
a: Sorry if that's a probing question.

q: What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
a: I don't know and I don't care.

q: What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
a: A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it

q: Why is Donald Trump like a college football team in Tijuana?
a: Theyre both slipping in the polls.

q: Why should we make Gabe Newell president?
a: There won't be any World War 3. #gaben2k16

q: Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team?
a: Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.

q: What do you get when you put a number 1 and a number 2 on your calculator?
a: A huge mess.

q: What did the animal control officer ask the Hawaiian dancer?
a: Hula the dogs out?

q: What does a guy with a big dick have for breakfast?
a: I figured you wouldn't know 

q: How do you piss of female archaeologists?
a: Hand them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.

q: Do you know what my name is?
a: Hugh Mungus

q: Have you ever had Ethiopian food?
a: Their kids haven't .

q: How many Pollyanna's does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. It's too dark.

q: What do Betty Rubble and Fort Knox have in common?
a: They're both impregnable 

q: What happens when a fork and a spoon get into a fight?
a: Civilwar!

q: Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
a: He was too far out.

q: What's does a photon and Donald Trump have in common?
a: Both full of energy and momentum, both lacking substance.

q: What did the asteroid say when his trajectory missed earth?
a: "I guess I didn't plan it very well!"

q: What do houses eat when their breath stinks?
a: Apart Mints

q: What did the pastor say when informing two fruits that they couldn't marry?
a: No, you cantaloupe.

q: How do you catch a terminator?
a: With a skynet

q: [OC] What do you call a rodent that sells illegal guns?
a: An Armadealer

q: Why is Donald Trump's wig so expensive?
a: Because its too much toupe for one.

q: When ghosts attend a sex party, what is their favourite group activity?
a: Boo-kkake

q: How did Bourne send data to the CIA?
a: JSON

q: What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
a: You'll find out next week when this joke get reposted.

q: what do you call an unqualified baffoon with an incoherent agenda?
a: 2016 republican nominee Donald Trump

q: How do you know someone is good at gaming?
a: When they got more first bloods than a middle school bathroom.

q: Where did all hookers come from?
a: Holland.

q: When do you know a kid has grown up?
a: The day the kid learns what Hitler had done in history class.

q: Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button?
a: Her boyfriend was blonde too.

q: What do you get when you cross Henry VIII and Vlad the Impaler?
a: Executed. 

q: What's the difference between a truck full of marbles and a truck full of babies?
a: You can't unload a truck full of marbles with a pitchfork.

q: What's the difference between a stoat and a weasel?
a: One is weasily recognised and the other is stoatally different 

q: What does a gay horse eat?
a: Dick.

q: What do you call a whore that actually moans?
a: Hormones.

q: Why did Sally drop her ice cream?
a: She got hit by a bus. Why did Sally fall off the swing? She lost her arms when she was hit by a bus. Why did Sally not get back on the swing? She also lost her legs. Knock knock Who's there? Not Sally. What did Sally get for Christmas? I don't know, she couldn't open it.

q: What's the difference between Trump and a pile of shit?
a: A pile of shit doesn't have an ugly ass hair

q: Why are cemeteries surrounded with walls?
a: Because people are dying to get in there.

q: What did the zombie farmer say he wanted?
a: Grrraaaaiiinnns...

q: Why is Pokemon quite realistic?
a: Because in the games, Bug-types are effective against Dark-types. Just like malaria in Africa.

q: What is a pirates nightmare date?
a: A girl with a sunken chest and no booty

q: What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke holes that it's often poked before?
a: A key.

q: Why do pirates love football so much?
a: Cus they love to count YAAAARds.

q: What can a man do that is physically impossible for women to accomplish?
a: Orgasm.

q: What's the last thing that goes through a bugs mind when it hits your windshield?
a: It's ass.

q: Why can't Hellen Keller drive?
a: Because she is a woman

q: What do you call a trucker that doesn't drive anymore?
a: Semi-retired.

q: How do you piss off a Hun?
a: You can't; they're nomads.

q: What did the undergrad title his paper about the philosophy of pornography?
a: Deep Thought

q: Why are volcanoes mischievous?
a: Because they erupt to no good. 

q: Do you remember that episode of The Lone Ranger where Tonto got Alzheimer's?
a: Who's "me", kemosabe?

q: What do you call a dwarf that was on fire?
a: A lil smokey

q: Why is Texas the "Lone Star" state?
a: It was rated out of five.

q: Why did the one-armed man cross the road?
a: To get to the second-hand shop.

q: What did the girl with no hands get for her birthday?
a: I don't know, she hasn't opened it

q: What animal has five legs?
a: A pitbull returning from a playground.

q: Why was Freud a bad poker player?
a: he would always go all Id. 

q: What's green and red?
a: Frogs in a blender

q: What is the meaning of life?
a: A movie. Told to me by Siri. Pissed myself. 

q: What did the little black kid say when he had diarrhea?
a: "Daddy help I'm melting!"

q: What do tampons and renaissance art have in common?
a: You get upset when your dog tears up either of them because they are period pieces.

q: What's 10 inches long and white?
a: Nothing.

q: What's black, jobless, homeless, fatherless, and has no life?
a: Harambe.

q: What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
a: If we don't get some support, people are going to think we're nuts!

q: Why did they kill Harambe?
a: Why did they kill Harambe? Coz Adam and Eve took the apple.

q: How Were People Born?
a: A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family." - 

q: What did the the dad say to the feminist?
a: Hugh Mungus

q: What's the only mammal that can breathe under ice?
a: An elephant hiding in your fridge

q: Why are sloths so green?
a: Because they can't move fast enough to flick a booger

q: Have you ever been to New York?
a: No, I ain't never been to that place. Must be new or something.

q: What does a flower in a race car yell?
a: Petal to the nettle!

q: Why did Helen Keller's dog kill itself?
a: You would too if your name was bblamdiffergmunmnumblldpbdb.

q: What did the Windows user say to his Linux terminal?
a: DIR

q: How do you offend a bald guy?
a: "How are you doing toupee?" When he gets mad just say: "come on man don't wig out on me like that!"

q: What do you call a mexican who is thankful to be sitting out in a field?
a: A grassy-ass...

q: What's the water polo team's favorite song?
a: Smoke on the Water, because they are always getting roasted. :3

q: Why did the dolphin apologize?
a: He didn't do it on porpoise.

q: What's Chris Brown's favourite drink?
a: Punch

q: What is the best part of an ISIS joke?
a: The execution.

q: How many nice guys does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: 0 cause they'll compliment it then get pissed off when it won't screw

q: What's the integral of 1/(cabin)?
a: 1 natural log cabin.  I'll show myself out. 

q: What crime did the man get charged with when he killed a black man?
a: Impersonating a police officer.

q: What's the difference between a weatherman and a well-hung dick doctor?
a: One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.

q: Are you a pacifist?
a: Because I'm about to pass a fist through your face!

q: what do you call a Muslim with no legs?
a: a paraplegic

q: What's cooler than being cool?
a: Being 0K.

q: How do you annoy a computer person with a problem?
a: Never mind, I figured it out.

q: How many non-binary gender-fluent people does it take to change an LED lightbulb?
a: DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY LIGHTBULB?

q: What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
a: Lukewarm.

q: Guess What?
a: Chicken butt! xd

q: How do chickens have sex?
a: They cluck each other.

q: What do dark jokes and food have in common?
a: Not everyone gets them

q: Whats the difference between Genders and The Twin Towers?
a: There used to be two and now it's too offensive to talk about.

q: What do you call a coupon at Taco Bell?
a: A Senor Discount

q: Did you hear what happened to Lithium?
a: He was arrested for battery charges. Some say he's bi-polar.

q: What did the O say to the Q?
a: 0:- " Dude your dick is hanging out "

q: The difference between BLM and the KKK?
a: Honestly, it's black and white. 

q: Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election?
a: Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood

q: Why does the town pound keep animals in separate cages?
a: Cause otherwise they'd be going to pound town.

q: Why would Diana have made a good Queen?
a: She fucked a prince, is completely lifeless and some people still think she's relevant.

q: What did Jessie say to Buzz after the condom broke?
a: There's a mistake in my womb.

q: Mixologists, bartenders, how to make a smoky manhattan?
a: You fly a plane into the WTC

q: Why did the chicken cross the playground?
a: To get to the other slide.

q: What is black and when it falls, your heater is broken?
a: Your stove. Edit: word choice

q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit on the head with a can of soda?
a: He was lucky it was a soft drink.

q: What do you call a British guy who throws a spear through the knee?
a: Britney Spears

q: What did the Ottoman Sultan do when he got home from campaigning?
a: He got his dick out for his Haram bae's.

q: What is better than 10 dead babies in a trashcan?
a: 1 dead baby in 10 trashcans.

q: How do you troll an archaeologist?
a: Give him a used tampon and ask which period it's from.

q: What's the difference between a penalty shot in basketball, and a tiny curly wig designed for a bug?
a: One is a free throw, and the other is a flea 'fro.

q: Did you hear about the mathematician who became a monk?
a: One evening he was solving a trigonometric equation and then he saw a sine. 

q: What do you call a pessimistic horse?
a: A neigh-sayer

q: What do you call a server at a funeral?
a: A wake-tress

q: What is the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
a: I wouldn't pay $500 for a garbanzo bean on my face!!!!

q: What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable?
a: Barackoli

q: What is Al Shabaab's theme song?
a: Rainy Day Women #12 & 35. 

q: What do you call a fish that makes you an offer you cant refuse?
a: The Codfather. (_)

q: What happened after 14-Year-Old Richie inherited his father's footwear empire?
a: He came into a lot of socks. 

q: What did Bill Clinton say to Monica Lewinsky after getting caught?
a: "I told you to lick my erection, not wreck my election".

q: Why did the feminist's bakery go out of business?
a: She told people to stop patronizing her.

q: Why shouldn't you tell a pirate your secrets?
a: They ain't private ears. (I don't care if a six year old came to this first thirty years ago, it just came to me.)

q: Why doesn't a sociologist look out the window in the morning?
a: Because then they'd have nothing to do in the afternoon.

q: What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair?
a: Artificial Intelligence.

q: How is /r/jokes like the green movement?
a: Reuse and Recycle

q: Why does Juan walk around the school like he owns the place?
a: Because his dad built it and his mom cleans it

q: What do you call a trio of Muslims?
a: The Three Mosqueteers.

q: What do you call a Nigerian gorilla?
a: Boko Harambe. (dicks out)

q: What's the difference between a vitamin and a hormone?
a: I can't make a vitamin

q: What do Pink Floyd, Dale Earnhardt, and Donald Trump have in common?
a: The wall.

q: What do you do if a blonde person throws a grenade at you?
a: Pull the pin and throw it back.

q: How do you know Sia is Scottish?
a: Because she loves sheep thrills!   *shows self out

q: What's the best thing about dating twenty nine year olds?
a: The get all you '90s references.

q: How many sexual orientations does a physicist have?
a: Six: Up, Down, Strange, Charm, Top and Bottom.

q: What is Blackbeard and Captain Hooks favorite workout routine?
a: Pirates.

q: Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5 and 6 come before 1, 2 and 3?
a: Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.

q: What do you call a fraud from North Carolina?
a: A charlatan!

q: What do you call two Pakistanis in a sleeping bag?
a: Twix 

q: Man Bun? or Douche Knot?
a: neither, it's a fairy tail.

q: Where does one drown a hipster?
a: In the mainstream.

q: Have a Question about search engines?
a: Ask Jeeves

q: What type of alcohol do they put in bomb shots?
a: Allah-lcohol

q: Why will America be happier with Trump over Hillary?
a: ....because tear shed is better than blood shed

q: What is 19 inches long and makes a woman scream and moan?
a: Crib death.

q: How does the motorcycle of a Ku Klux Klan member sounds like?
a: Runnnnnnnnnnnnigganigganigganigaanigga

q: Why can't Saudi woman drive?
a: There's no road from the kitchen to the bedroom.

q: What did Kim Kardashian's right leg say to her left leg?
a: Nothing, they've never been together!

q: Whats the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
a: Ones a Goodyear. The others a great year.

q: How did the thermal imaging camera warn the mountain-climber?
a: "Isee cold."

q: What's the difference between a terrorist and a feminist?
a: The terrorist needs a trigger to blow things up.

q: Why did the Welshman buy so many tampons at the store?
a: Because his wife wouldn't stop bleating all over the place. 

q: What do you do when you see a space man?
a: You park, man.

q: Does Obama have the authority to give away the Internet?
a: When asked to comment, President Obama responded "Yes, ICANN"

q: Why does a potato make a great detective?
a: Because they keep their eyes peeled!

q: What's black, white and red all over?
a: Battleship Potemkin.

q: Why don't they play CS:GO in the jungle?
a: too many cheetahs

q: What's fat.. Ugly.. And looks like your girlfriend?
a: Your girlfriend

q: What is the similarity between Steve Job and Robb Stark?
a: They both died when they were really popular. 

q: What did Spock find in the toilet of the USS Enterprise?
a: Bonus Trekkie Joke:  ... because it keeps searching Uranus for Klingons.

q: What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he was white?
a: Alive

q: What does a waffle call his complete existential paradigm shift?
a: His eggo death 

q: What did the flower say when she was begged not to tell a secret?
a: Chrysanthemum's the word. 

q: Why don't you buy drugs from an Emo?
a: Their stuff is always cut.

q: What's a Drummer's favorite food?
a: Anything that requires chopsticks. Ba-Dum-Tss

q: Did you hear the winner of the Mime world championships?
a: Neither did I.

q: What's another word for rape ?
a: A snuggle with a struggle

q: What do you call a body with no nose?
a: Nobody knows!

q: What's the best drug to have sex on?
a: Birth control. 

q: What's the difference between pedophiles amd acne?
a: Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 12

q: What do fish call a submarine?
a: Unidentified Floating Object

q: Why did the baby system programmer like their new colourful blankie?
a: It was multithreaded.

q: What was the psychologist's favorite band?
a: Pink Freud

q: Where will the 400 pound gorilla sleep?
a: Wherever it wants to. R.I.P. Harambe

q: What should you never do in front of an alcoholic?
a: Whine.

q: What are Gene Wilder and David Bowie getting for Christmas this year?
a: Betty White.

q: Why are there so many good jokes about feminists?
a: Well, they're huge targets...

q: How do you say car troubles in German?
a: Mein Karmph

q: What's the difference between the Earth and my sock?
a: The Earth's crust is on the outside.

q: What game should you play to get your mother's attention?
a: PokeMom

q: Doctor: Do you smoke?
a: Patient: Only after sex Doctor: Ok, patient has never smoked in his life

q: Whats the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Michael Phelps actually finished the race.

q: How are Harambe memes keeping up?
a: Cincinnati Zoo keeps trying to shoot them down. Edit: Spelling

q: What did Plaxico Burress say when he read Colin Kaepernick's Tweets?
a: "Man, this guy just keeps shooting himself in the foot".

q: Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Moscow?
a: He got snowed in.

q: Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
a: Because when he asked them who the greatest composer was all they would say is "mmmmmm... Bach Bach Bach"!

q: What happened to the Irishman who tried to blow up a school bus?
a: He burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.

q: how to get jew out of his hole?
a: Shake your bag of coins

q: If three Florida State football players are in the same car, who is driving?
a: The police officer. 

q: Where does the pirate shop for his kid for Christmas?
a: Toys Arrrrrrrrrrr Us

q: What type of movie does a blind person watch?
a: Black and black movies. 

q: Who is Nasir Kahns favorite comedian?
a: Sinbad

q: What do you call 2 black people on a bunk bed?
a: An Oreo

q: Interviewer: What's your greatest weakness?
a: Me: Answering the semantics of a question but ignoring the pragmatics Interviewer: Could you give me an example?  Me: Yes I could

q: Why do black people have nightmares?
a: Because one had a dream and died

q: What's a Jew's favorite brand of hotdog?
a: Anne Frank's 

q: What's the best trade a palindrome has ever made?
a: A nut for a jar of tuna.

q: Where do butt-pirates have sex?
a: The poop deck.

q: What happens when a sane person posts on a far right sub and a far left sub?
a: [removed]

q: What's the difference between kinky and perverted ?
a: Kinky you use a feather; perverted you use the whole chicken !

q: What did the gay man say to the straight man who made fun of him for confessing he was gay?
a: "Stop out-sulting me."

q: What was the Jew's excuse for hitting her wife?
a: Adolf HitHer

q: Joe, why haven't you tossed your hat in the ring for the presidential election?
a: I'm Biden my time.

q: What's black and brown on the inside and blue and white on the outside?
a: Jail

q: Why cant asians drive?
a: Because cars takes you from A to B

q: Why does Waldo wear stripes?
a: Because he doesn't want to be spotted

q: Why did Vivaldi die poor?
a: Because he was baroque. 

q: When do you kick a midget in the balls?
a: When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice

q: Did you hear about the guy in masturbation contest?
a: He really held his own.

q: Knock Knock Knock!! Who's there?
a: The Mandela Effect.

q: Why'd the little girls ice-cream melt?
a: She was on fire.

q: What's the deal with /r/worldnews?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call a Mexican skeleton's favorite drug?
a: Marrow-Juan-a.

q: What does a tickle me Elmo get before it leaves the factory?
a: Two test tickles

q: We all know the rooster calls 'cock-a-doodle-doo', but have you heard the gay rooster call?
a: Any-cock'll-do

q: What's hit more balls than David Beckham's right foot?
a: Elton John's chin. 

q: Why did the plumber kill himself?
a: He was sewericidal. 

q: Why couldn't the motorcycle make it home?
a: Because it was two tired. 

q: What's green?
a: What's green and has wheels? Grass.. I was lying about the wheels

q: What's the difference between astronomy and gastronomy?
a: Astronomy is about things too big to wrap your head around, while gastronomy is about things small enough to wrap your head around.

q: There is a new virus which only affects Muslims.Where do they put the infected?
a: In the Quran-tine room!

q: Why do feminist hate the bible?
a: Because it ends with A-men

q: Why was the feminist happy when the newspaper got it wrong?
a: Because she enjoyed being Ms-quoted

q: Why wasn't the astronaut paying attention?
a: Because he was spaced out.

q: How do you clear a traffic jam at a banker convention?
a: With a plunger.

q: What do Jesus and germs have in common?
a: Nobody has ever seen them directly, but everyone says they exist.

q: What did the sniper say to his wife when he came back from work?
a: I missed you

q: What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
a: Michael Phelps can finish a race.

q: What did the violin say when it finally played the music correctly?
a: Viola.

q: What's the difference between a virgin and a lightbulb?
a: You can un-screw a lightbulb.

q: What is a gay jew's favourite bank?
a: Goldman Sach's

q: Did the depressed rope maker succeed?
a: Sadly, he did knot.

q: What's at the centre of No Man's Sky universe?
a: A refund.  credit to   (saw it on another post as comment, thought it deserved own post)

q: How do you stop a dog from screwing your leg?
a: Give it a blowjob.

q: Why didnt Jesus become a boxer?
a: Crosses killed him. 

q: Why is womens soccer so rare?
a: Why is womens soccer so rare? Its quite hard to find enough women willing to wear the same outfit.

q: What do you call it when a white man dancing has a seizure?
a: An improvement.

q: Why did the prostitute join the Mormon church?
a: She wanted a high paying missionary position.

q: Why did the Ethiopian child have a frown?
a: He was having his mid life crisis!

q: What does a redneck Buddhist believe in?
a: Reintarnation.

q: Why did the cow sign up for TSA precheck?
a: Butterflies

q: (Corny)-What do you call a mermaid on a roof?
a: Aerial

q: What does a rock put on when it stinks?
a: Geodorant.

q: What do you call a nun in a car?
a: Virgin Mobile 

q: What do you call a hen staring at lettuce?
a: Chicken sees-a salad

q: How are cats like empty wine bottles?
a: I'm probably gonna die surrounded by both. 

q: What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination?
a: HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE

q: What did Kim Jong Un say when his father died?
a: His Korea is over!

q: (Corny)-Why did the grave keeper build a fence around the grave yard?
a: Cuz everyone was dying to get in.

q: Did you hear about that new liberal episcopal church?
a: It has six commandments and four suggestions 

q: How can you tell the difference between a catholic, a baptist, and a Methodist?
a: A baptist will run into a liquor store, buy their alcohol and run out. A Methodist will walk into a liquor store and say high to everyone, then buy their alcohol and walk out. A catholic will show up to the store completely hammered, hug everyone, get their alcohol and stumble their way out of the store. 

q: Did you know that Beethoven had a brother?
a: Everyone called him Beethmicrowave

q: Wana hear a joke?
a: College textbook prices.

q: How do you pick up Jewish girls?
a: With a dust pan and brush.

q: What do you call someone who takes things literally?
a: A kleptomaniac!

q: Jewish joke from the 1970s: What's the fastest thing on earth?
a: An Arab riding a bicycle down Collins Avenue in Miami Beach.

q: Why do clowns make bad entrepreneurs?
a: Because they're into some funny business

q: Why did the chicken fall in the well?
a: He couldn't see that well.

q: Why do Italian men wear gold chains?
a: So they know where to stop shaving.

q: What is the difference between everyone and bullets?
a: I avoid everyone

q: How does an Apple Watch owner know that it's midday?
a: It's already run out of battery.

q: Why did the cow return to the marijuana field?
a: It was the pot calling the cattle back.

q: What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scotsman?
a: Mick Jagger says, "Hey you, get offa' my cloud." A Scotsman says, "Hey McCloud, get offa' my ewe."

q: What's red and sits in the corner?
a: A naughty bus

q: What is the volume of a disk with radius z and height a?
a: Pi * z * z * a

q: Why didn't the circle want to become 3 dimensional?
a: S'fear.

q: What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?
a: Pull the pin and throw it back

q: What is 2Chainz's favorite TV channel?
a: TruTV

q: To where going Batman running fast?
a: To the Bathroom

q: What's a feminists favorite music festival?
a: Burning Man.

q: Why Do Kids In High school Take Art?
a: You don't have to pay for the glue to sniff...

q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?
a: Pregnant

q: What do you call a Russian barber?
a: A Brussian. I'll see myself out.

q: How Do Priests Get High?
a: Snorting the left over ashes from Ash Wednesday... 

q: Did you hear about the Italian husband who was talking during his sleep?
a: He ended up giving his wife a black eye

q: What's Forest Gump's password?
a: 1Forest1

q: How are Harambe and Hitler similar?
a: Both of them died.

q: What's the difference between some people and a bucket of shit?
a: The bucket.

q: Where's the best place to find a dog with no legs?
a: Where you left it

q: What do you call a pair of attractive succubi?
a: Double D-Mons

q: How does an Alabama girl know shes in for a crazy night?
a: Her daddy says he wants her in bed by ten.

q: How do Russian sprinters train?
a: They put a bottle of vodka 100 meters away from them.

q: How do you know that an Asian has robbed your house?
a: Your mailbox is missing!

q: What is Donald Trump's favourite ice cream?
a: Walls Vanilla Carte D'or - It's not Mexican! (*I am going to hell for this!)

q: What happened to all the funny chemistry puns?
a: They Argon...

q: Why was Joe disappointed when he read the newspaper in Washington?
a: There were no jokes in the Post.

q: What's Trump's favorite Olympic sport?
a: Fencing! 

q: What do you call a Mexican baptism?
a: Bean dip!

q: When does a hunger strike stop?
a: When hunger strikes. 

q: What should we call this giant advertising board?
a: Phil: A philboard Bill: I have a better idea

q: What's the difference between everybody and bullets?
a: Everybody misses Harambe.

q: What did Pinocchio say to Rudolph when he asked him what he asked for Christmas?
a: Quit being nosey.

q: How many billionaires does it take to make a superhero?
a: Three, two to die and one to never get over it.

q: What's the difference between a political speech and a stand-up comic show?
a: They both tell the audience what they are glad to hear.  But at the end, the audience laughs at the comic, and the politician laughs at the audience.

q: What did the Japanese WWII veteran say to the American WWII veteran when he got passed the salt?
a: Sank you. 

q: Why do Jewish fathers have their sons circumcised?
a: They know Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.

q: What do you call a dinosaur that's in a hurry?
a: A Prontosaur. 

q: Hey Did you hear about the guy who got fired from the sperm bank?
a: He was caught drinking on the job.

q: Why couldn't the black, blind, uneducated toddler read?
a: Because he was black.

q: What do you call a scam artist who uses his vocabulary to commit crimes?
a: A LexiCon

q: It's National Dog Day and Women's Equality Day?
a: Shout out to my bitches...and dogs

q: How long does it take to reach the ground from 110 stories up?
a: The rest of your life.

q: How many Bros does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None cuz it's already lit af

q: What do you call a 'shitpost' on twitter?
a: A tweet. 

q: Why does a bride wear white on her wedding day?
a: So the dishwasher matches the appliances

q: What do you call Batman who skips church?
a: Christian Bail

q: What do you call a Chinese guy with one leg?
a: Thai-Won Shu.

q: What's matter in reverse?
a: Antimatter.

q: Did you hear about the man who couldn't stop blowing his "duck call" whistle?
a: He was addicted to quack.

q: What do cows sit on?
a: Couches

q: How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.

q: What do you call a farting Russian?
a: Vladimir Putin  ~ You can thank my 65 year old grandfather for this

q: Why was the kettle angry at the pot?
a: For making false acc sations.

q: What do /r/jokes and a struggling glue business have in common?
a: They keep beating the same dead horse.

q: How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun?
a: Through the process of cross-examination.

q: What is worse than a dude shooting cum on your floor?
a: A dude farting cum on your floor.

q: How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Can't be done, it's a hardware problem.

q: Why did the drunk Mexican shoot his wife?
a: Tequilher 

q: What's the difference between Hitler and Usain Bolt?
a: Usain Bolt can finish a race.

q: Which fruit can't get married?
a: A can't elope. Or better yet None of them because of the lgbt movement.

q: How many dead schoolgirls does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Obviously more than four because my basement's still dark.

q: What's worse than a Redditor walking into a bar?
a: The Holocaust.

q: What did the scarecrow say when asked about his job?
a: "This job isn't for everyone, but hay...it's in my jeans"

q: What do you call a Fly without any wings?
a: A walk.

q: How do you ruin a joke?
a: By reposting it every week!

q: What does a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common?
a: Theyre the only things Donald Trump is currently wearing.

q: What do you call an angry Reddit mod?
a: [deleted]

q: What has 5 legs and a big grin?
a: Pit-bull in kids sandpit

q: What do black men do after sex?
a: 15 years to life.

q: Why can't chinese people have phone directories?
a: There are too many wongs and wings and someone could wing the wong number.

q: whats Michael Jackson favorite movie genre?
a: Thriller

q: What has 2 legs and bleeds?
a: Half a dog.

q: Why do women prefer to bang UPS drivers over FedEx drivers?
a: FedEx drivers tend to come early.

q: How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
a: By becoming a ventriloquist!

q: Why is the sand at the beach Wet?
a: because the sea weed.

q: What do Lumber jacks do in China?
a: Chop sticks!

q: In the Garden of Eden, Eve wore a fig leaf. Do you know what Adam wore?
a: A hole in it.

q: Son : Dad.... This movie is so scary... Is that woman going to die??
a: Dad : Judging by the size of that horse's dick, Yes she is

q: What is the favorite number of french potheads?
a: 80

q: Why do Mexican cars have such small steering wheels?
a: So they can be driven while handcuffed.

q: What do you call an overpriced and overhyped game?
a: No Man's Sky.

q: Why does Germany have so many different kinds of bread?
a: Well, we had to do something with the ovens.

q: Why does the bride wear white?
a: 'cause household appliances always come in white.

q: Where did Saddam Hussein keep all of his CDs?
a: In Iraq.

q: Why women live longer than men?
a: Because shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying bills does.

q: Have you heard of the Onono?
a: In the Amazon jungle there's the Toucan, a bird with tiny legs and a big beak. In Africa you can find the Flamingo, a big bird with a small beak but very long legs. Recently scientists discovered a new species of birds in a forest near Tchernobyl : the Onono. It's a bird with a small beak, tiny legs, and very big balls. Whenever he has to land you can hear him squeak : "Oh no no! Oh no no!".

q: Why are there no female Canadians?
a: Because they all manifest the sry gene

q: What's the difference between my kiwi accent and a white South African accent?
a: I'm not beating up a black person.

q: What's the best way to ensure that Asia's senior citizens' pension programs are financially sound?
a: Sufficient amount of youth in Asia.

q: How did the bad Canadian fisherman describe his only catch of the day?
a: "Aboot this big"

q: why did the teenage girl have to be home before dinner?
a: Because she couldn't do the evening

q: What do you call a prosthetic arm for a dog?
a: Faux paw.  

q: If Captain America's Shield Is Made Out Out Adamantium, What's Hawkeye's Shield Made Out Of?
a: Quicksilver

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite style of footwear?
a: Flip-Flops

q: What is the worst thing anyone can do to a blind man?
a: Leave a plunger in the toilet!

q: How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Only one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.

q: Where do you always find Trans-Fats no matter where you look?
a: Tumblr

q: How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: If it's their lightbulb, none of your damn business.

q: Dumb joke I came up with yesterday. What do you call it when two robots miscommunicate?
a: A syntax error.

q: Why was the guy from 127 Hours arrested for espionage?
a: He was proven guilty of providing arms to Iraq

q: What did the cocaine addict say to his drug of choice?
a: "I'm kinda busy, I won't be able to stay any longer, smell ya later" PS: the addict died that day from severe delusions that his coke was talking blanket, lot of coke....

q: What do you call a trumpet on a leash?
a: A trumPET *Edit Also why is this Marked Politics?

q: Why was 10 hospitalized?
a: It was in the middle of 9 / 11.

q: What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What's the gayest town in America?
a: Boisex, Idaho

q: What did the dealer say to Ted when he caught him stealing heroin?
a: Your addicted. 

q: How many Germans does it take to tile a bathroom?
a: Only one, if you cut him thin enough.

q: [Racial][Racial] What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
a: You have to get in the back of the oven.

q: Why did Freud hurt his shoulder?
a: He made a Freudian slip

q: What did the woman say to the guy in Naval intelligence?
a: You really have a smart uniform. 

q: What does a cat in the desert and Christmas have in common?
a: They both have Sandy Claws.

q: What happened when Hitler lost his glasses?
a: He could Nazi.

q: Why are bees so rich?
a: They have their own bees knees.

q: What do you call a cow in a 6 second video?
a: A BoVine

q: ISLAM is religion of peace??
a: a piece of you here, a piece of you there, just a lot of pieces of your body flying

q: What do you call a gay dentist?
a: The tooth fairy.

q: What goes above the water and below the water but doesn't touch the water?
a: An egg in a duck.

q: Why does Harambe confuse bartenders?
a: All he wants is Just Ice

q: Why couldn't the choir director figure out whether Alison Brie was alto soprano?
a: Everytime he tried, he was told that she was young and that they tried not to sectionalise her.

q: What do you call a pig with three eyes ?
a: Piiig 

q: Why wasn't the bike starting?
a: Because it was 'two-tyred'.

q: What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What did the banana say to the human?
a: Nothing you idiot, bananas don't talk!

q: What's the difference between Texas and Russia?
a: One's a disgusting cesspool full of paranoid, bigoted, anti-American sadists, and the other is really cold.

q: What to Russian Zombie Athletes want?
a: GAINZZZZZZ

q: What did a Mexican take Xanax for?
a: For Hispanic attacks

q: How much does it cost to buy multiple prosthetic limbs?
a: An arm and a leg.

q: What the difference between Australia and a glass of milk?
a: Leave the glass of milk alone long enough and it'll develop a culture.

q: What concert costs 45 cents?
a: A concert that costs 45 cents.

q: How does a woman differ from a computer?
a: You can actually punch information into a computer.

q: What do you call a boxer with allergies?
a: Muhammad Achoo

q: Did you hear about the happy Roman?
a: Glad-he-ate-her? 

q: What's Superman's greatest weakness?
a: Horses

q: What do you call a water fowl looking in a window?
a: Peking duck. (it came to mind over dinner... I thought I would share the pain with everyone)

q: What kind of ideas do blind people get?
a: Brailleant ones. Sauce: Am blind.

q: What color should I choose?
a: Well sir we have three options red, blue, and yellow. Our red colors are inspired by the rose fields of Sweden. "Got the color orange?" No, the blue colors were crafted from finest of silk from Japan and represent the waves of the ocean. "What about brown?" Our LAST option is Yellow, it shines as if it came from the sun itself. "Got Indigo?" Just indigo f*ck yourself.

q: What do you call a fat lady who bathes in strawberry jam?
a: Sugar-tits.

q: What do you call a dog who got re-elected for mayor?
a: A dog with pawlitical experience.

q: Does anyone want to buy a used Theremin?
a: I haven't touched mine in years.

q: What do you call a horny chemist?
a: An H2Ho.

q: How many data wranglers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: How many data wranglers does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but they need a backup.

q: What kind of knots only exist in space?
a: Astro-knots.

q: Whats the difference between a washing machine and a woman?
a: A washing machine doesn't follow you around after you dump a load in it.

q: Why did Edward miss his flight out of Russia?
a: Because he was Snowden.

q: What's white at the top and black at the bottom?
a: Society

q: Why don't cows drink milk?
a: because they lactose   I don't know why I found this so funny!   ready for the down vote to begin <3

q: What would you call a Street Fighter player who can bust out the Spinning Pile Driver really fast?
a: SPD Gonzales.

q: What's a jew doing on a swing?
a: Fucking with the german snipers

q: What's black?
a: Whats black and screams?  Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

q: What kind of wine causes the most accidents?
a: Shartonnay

q: What do Dothraki use to count their horses?
a: A Khalculator

q: Did you see the video of the guy making out with the lady with the Zika Virus?
a: Yeah, apparently it went viral. I know this is awful, but my coworkers laughed... so I got that going for me.

q: Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
a: He had locomotives.

q: How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead or not?
a: You PO PO PO POKE HER FACE PO PO POKE HER FACE!

q: What do you do when you get into a fight with a group of clowns?
a: Go for the juggler.  This is my favorite joke that I have read on here. 

q: What's the first rule of contradiction club?
a: There is no contradiction club 

q: What does one call an undertaker that's been drafted into the Military?
a: A Corpseman. Painfully obvious, yet a terrible play on the English language, I know. It was something I came up with a few years ago, for some unknown reason.

q: How do cats speak to people?
a: They commeownicate. 

q: What kind of animal can record video?
a: A cam-el. Get it, because a camera records things and a camel is a animal.

q: Have any of you heard about the magician who was driving home?
a: He turned into a driveway. 

q: What did the fisherman say to the sewage management person?
a: Would you pull that crap with a net?

q: What's Clifford's favorite gum?
a: Big Red, dawg.

q: Why was Fam's favorite subject English?
a: Because it's Lit.

q: whats the difference in fast n furious and walking dead?
a: there's no Walker in Fast and Furious .......RIP Paul

q: What do you call a pepper in late autumn?
a: A little chili

q: Are you cold?
a: You should go to the corner, its ninety degrees over there.

q: Have you met Canadian lepers?
a: They're always very sorey.

q: Have you ever tried North Korean food?
a: Neither have they

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a black man?
a: A pizza can feed a family.

q: How do Singaporean swimmers get educated?
a: joseph schooling 

q: Why did the condom fly out of the room?
a: It was pissed off 

q: What is the difference between a doorknob and a Zika baby's head?
a: When you twist the doorknob it doesn't scream.

q: What has an R at the beginning, a T at the end, and EPOS in the middle?
a: Most of the jokes in this subreddit.

q: If this post was a Sons of Anarchy episode what character would you be?
a: I'd be OP.

q: What happens to a frogs car when it is parked illegally?
a: It gets toad away

q: What do you call a web developer who enjoys finding bugs in the system?
a: A spider

q: What do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates?
a: A tear jerker

q: Why can't Asians make white babies?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a white

q: What's the difference between a black guy and a canoe?
a: Canoes tip.

q: What do boobs and toys have in common?
a: They were both originally made for kids, but daddies end up playing with them.

q: what do you call a guy who cries when he masturbates?
a: a tear-jerker

q: Why did the knight stop using the internet?
a: Because he was sick of chainmail.

q: What do /r/jokes and the human centipede have in common?
a: They both recycle. 

q: Why is six afraid of seven?
a: Because seven is a six offender.

q: What did the prostitute say to the leper?
a: Thanks for the tip.

q: How does Bob Marley like his donuts?
a: With jammin 

q: What would you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
a: A speech impediment.

q: How do you make a honeymoon salad?
a: Lettuce alone without dressing. 

q: Why have no melons ever gotten married in Vegas?
a: Because they can't elope!

q: Has anyone ever tried Ethiopian food?
a: neither have they

q: Why does everyone agree when you judge someone's voice?
a: Because you make sound judgement.

q: Why I don't joke about politicians?
a: Because I don't joke about jokes.

q: Have you guys heard the one about the child with aids?
a: It never gets old

q: Have you ever smelled mothballs?
a: How did you get your head in between those teeny legs?

q: What did MLK say to the fishmonger?
a: I have a bream.

q: What do you call a school bus full of black people?
a: A rotten banana.

q: What does a North Korean ricochet sound like?
a: PYONG! YANG!

q: What's better than winning the Paralympic gold medal?
a: Not being in the Paralympics

q: What do you ask a pregnant Rabbi?
a: When is the baby Jew?

q: Why shouldn't you let the scientists have an antelope?
a: They'll turn it into a bombardeer

q: What Do You Call A Group Of Terrorists That Love to Smoke Weed?
a: HIGH-SIS

q: What do you call a dolphin that cheats on his girlfriend?
a: A multi-porpoise tool!

q: Why is Bill Gates scared of the number 7?
a: Because 7 8 10.

q: What do you call a bunch of tractors parked in front of a McDonald's on Friday night in Iowa?
a: Prom

q: What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator?
a: A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it

q: What do you call an detective's glasses?
a: Inspectacles

q: Why can't Jimmy ride his bike?
a: Because he has no limbs  Kinda dark, I know. It's just for those out there who would chuckle at this. ;D

q: What does the customer say to the worker as he leaves the store after buying a discounted item?
a: Good buy.

q: What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer?
a: One's a slimy scum-sucking bottom-dwelling scavenger; the other is a fish.

q: Why was the redditor banned?
a: Voat manipulation.

q: What do you call a 350 pound stripper?
a: Broke

q: What do Ryan Lochte and the water in Rio have in common?
a: They're both full of shit.

q: What do you call a nation of angry women?
a: A cuntry.

q: What's the difference between a brown noser and a shit head?
a: Depth perception 

q: What is short, white, and running for president?
a: My penis.  It's running for president of my homeowners association. I can't control that guy.

q: Why do pedophiles love pokemon go?
a: They can lure you in and pikachu

q: Why was the baby in Africa crying?
a: It was having a mid-life crisis.

q: What do a mosquito and my ex have in common?
a: They both try to suck you dry, try to have babies with your DNA, and then you find them sucking off someone else.

q: How many computer programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, that's a hardware issue.

q: What's it called when you apologize using dots and dashes?
a: Remorse code

q: How do you circumcise a redneck?
a: Kick his sister in the Jaw. 

q: What's a monk's favorite kind of cheese?
a: Smoked buddha.

q: Why is Starbuck's coffee so high on the pH scale?
a: It's the most basic drink there is.

q: Who's the roundest knight at King Arthur's court?
a: Circumference.

q: What was the last thing that went through Paul Walker's mind before he died?
a: The windshield.

q: What do you call an unused piano?
a: A keybored

q: Can someone explain why people keep saying this before we about to eat?
a: "Bone Apple Tea"

q: What do Jesus and Muhammad have in common?
a: They both nailed a 2x4.

q: What's grey and comes in quarts?
a: An elephant.

q: What did the mayor say after the townsfolk told him that they used the watering hole to take dumps?
a: Well shit.

q: What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole?
a: A pedophile.

q: Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion?
a: Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion? "Ask your sister" I don't have a...

q: Why should you never trust someone giving away batteries?
a: There's no charge.

q: What do rhinos and fish have in common?
a: They're both perverts. One is horny and the other keeps having wet dreams.

q: Why is Ronald McDonalds immortal?
a: Because he's full of preservatives.

q: Why did the mathematician get an F on his English quiz?
a: He wrote, "i is the square root of negative 1."

q: Why do we never run out of math teachers?
a: Because they are always multiplying.

q: Why did the pedophile buy a guitar?
a: To finger A-Minor.

q: What do mathematicians call retirement?
a: Aftermath

q: Who do you call when your spacebar doesn't work?
a: A space engineer!

q: Why cant the bike stand on its own?
a: Because its two tired.

q: Q: What did the waitress say to the customer after she forgot his Miso soup?
a: A: uh, me so sorry.  

q: How long can 7 ride 8?
a: Til infinity.

q: Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat?
a: Because if they fell forward, they would land in the boat! 

q: How do you keep children from playing in your yard?
a: You fuck one of them.

q: What would people call Ryan Lochte if he went to jail?
a: Ryan Locht-up

q: What does a conspiracy theorist say when he breaks up with someone?
a: "I think we should start seeing other sheeple."

q: Have you ever played the game where you conceal yourself and change religions?
a: It's called Hide and Go Sikh.

q: Did you hear about the American Indian who was in a tea drinking contest?
a: They found him the next morning lying in his tea pee. 

q: Did you hear Trump wants to ban shredded cheese?
a: He wants to make America "grate" again. 

q: What's the worst thing to say during a group depression therapy session?
a: "Oh, God I'm so nervous. If I mess up, I'm gonna kill myself."

q: What do you call a sister who works for you?
a: Nun of your business.

q: Hey son, what did you get in math last year?
a: My teacher was so unsanitary. I got pinkeye, whoopingcough, and strep throat. 

q: Why do ants rarely, if ever, get sick?
a: Because of their tiny little anty bodies. 

q: Did you hear about the ex-porn star who got fired from the gas station?
a: Every time he got close to filling the tank, he'd pull the nozzle out and spray gasoline all over the car. 

q: Q: What's a Michigander?
a: A: An Ohioan who can read. Q: What's an Ohioan? A: A Kentuckian who can count. Q: What's a Kentuckian? A: A West Virginian with a branching family tree. Q: And who the hell are you to be making all these rude judgments? A: Trauma counselor for tour guides.

q: What happened to the joke that insulted the mods?
a: People laughed, because it was a good joke.

q: What's the difference between a lonely person getting trolled and a wanted sexual offender?
a: Ones a pranked Redditor, the other is a ranked predator.

q: Hey girl, are you a 10?
a: Because you're basic...

q: What's the difference between your mom and my computer?
a: I can still turn your mom on.

q: What does your computer and your mom have in common?
a: The both are great at down-loading 

q: Is your fridge running?
a: Because i might vote for it!! Fridge 2016

q: Why did the very religious man not say a word while he was fasting?
a: He was afraid that he would swallow his words.

q: You know what I find odd?
a: Every other number

q: What's something that's true, real and lives in the dirty south?
a: A Trillbilly! 

q: Why'd the window get the job?
a: He had a great interView. 

q: What do you call someone from Olomouc who's living on the dole?
a: A welfare Czech.

q: What's a porn star's favorite song?
a: Back in Black.

q: What do you call a religious cow in the Middle East?
a: A Moooooslim!!

q: What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?
a: An investigator. 

q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?
a: Because it had nobody to go with.

q: What did Borg say to Georg Ohm?
a: "Resistance is futile."

q: What is heavier? A 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers?
a: The answer is the feathers. 200 pounds of bricks is just a bunch of bricks, but if you try to carry 200 pounds of feathers, you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds. (Found this on Tumblr @sirobvious and just want to share it with you guys!)

q: What is yellow, fluffy, and hides your slippers?
a: A Labrador Deceiver.

q: What is a fat kids' favourite sounding instrument at school?
a: The dinner bell.

q: Why was the plant embarrassed?
a: It soiled itself.   

q: Why do mexicans keep getting stuck in the doorway?
a: Because they have to pass through in doors. 

q: What do you call a scientist's obituary?
a: A bi-eulogy

q: Is this where you put your jokes?
a: According to my ex wife my career and penis should be here

q: If a tree falls on your wife, and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
a: The real question is... why the hell was there a tree in your kitchen?

q: What are green and smell like pork?
a: Kermit's fingers 

q: How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: When she can fit into your wife's clothes.

q: Did you hear about the paperwork fetishist?
a: She got off on a technicality.

q: Why did the cow explode?
a: Because it was a mooooooslim.

q: Why is the ulna the second funniest bone in our skeleton?
a: It's near-humerus.

q: What is the worst place to have the "you break it, you buy it" rule?
a: The pet store

q: What is it called when an unborn baby dies in a horse-drawn sleigh?
a: A mis-carriage

q: Why should rednecks NOT vote for Trump?
a: Because Trump wants to build a wall, and a wall is what killed Dale Earnhardt. 

q: Did you hear about the French Olympic race walker who pooped his pants mid race?
a: At least he didn't oui in them too. 

q: What was the Feminist's least favorite subject?
a: Trigger-nometry.

q: Why is leather so good for sneaking around in?
a: Because leather is made of hide. 

q: what did the emo say to the dull razor?
a: Sorry old friend... You just won't cut it

q: How do you take the letter "F" out of the word "WAY" ?
a: There is no F in way.

q: What's the best way to get a Jewish girls number?
a: Roll up her sleeve.

q: What do you call a small group of Jews around the holidays?
a: A menorahty! 

q: So you got a subaru?
a: That don't impreza me much.

q: What do you get if you cross a sheep and a kangaroo?
a: A wooly jumper!

q: Why did the party planner say that everything was alright?
a: There was nothing   to do

q: What do you call a cow during an earthquake?
a: A milkshake

q: What do you call three crows?
a: A crowd.

q: What's a pedophile's favorite activity?
a: Netflix and  dren

q: Why are Hispanics so antisemitic?
a: Kike

q: What do feminist magicians say?
a: "Flabracadabra, Allakillman!"

q: How do you turn a fox into an elephant?
a: Marry it.

q: I made up a joke. What did the pasta noodles say to the sauce when it was scared?
a: Don't be alfredo. 

q: What does it mean if a dude looks down and sees four balls instead of two?
a: He needs to be very careful, because he may be getting screwed.  

q: What do bad writers use to pick up hot pans?
a: Plot Holders.

q: What's an eastern European cannibal's favorite snack?
a: Czechs Mix

q: What do you call a graph crowded with data points about fat people?
a: Full-figured! 

q: What do you need to poop in the forest?
a: Toiletries

q: What did Lochte say after his teammates told the police what really happened?
a: "...and I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you medaling kids!"

q: If there are 6 apples and you take away 4, how many do you have?
a: Tricky question 

q: What do you call a man holding two apples in one hand and three oranges in another?
a: No chance of blocking an uppercut.

q: What do you call dinosaur sluts?
a: Herpevores

q: What do you call a dolphin with agoraphobia?
a: endorphins

q: How do you know if the camera you just bought was made in Asia?
a: If the shutter makes a "crick" noise.

q: What's wrong with being number 2?
a: People think you're shit unless you're number 1.

q: Why don't witches wear underwear?
a: So they can get a better grip of the broom. :)

q: Why does Hannibal Lecter skin his colleagues?
a: He enjoys the taste of Doctors Without Borders.

q: Why did 0.81 recurring die?
a: Because he was 9/11.

q: Why is 7 afraid of 8?
a: It's not, numbers don't have emotions.

q: What do you call two crows?
a: Attempted murder

q: Why do you never see prostitutes on airplanes?
a: They don't give a flying fuck.

q: What gets harder the more you play with it?
a: A Rubik's cube, you dirty minded individuals!

q: Where does the wealthy mycologist go shopping?
a: Fungal Bloomingdale's.

q: Why did SJWs call out Medusa?
a: She kept objectifying people. 

q: How do you tell the difference between Al Gore and the secret service when they're in the same room?
a: Al Gore's the stiff one.

q: Why was Mark Fuch a terrible mailman?
a: He keeps delivering to the wrong fuching address! 

q: Why do lesbians shop at sports authority?
a: Because they don't like dicks.

q: What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
a: Flush 

q: Fastest Bolt at the Olympics?
a: Was it Usain Bolt or Ryan Lochte's ride to the airport?

q: What do you get when you cross an Elephant with a Rhino?
a: HellifIknow!

q: What would life be without plumbing?
a: Shitty

q: How many Software Engineers does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: None. It's a hardware problem.

q: What kind of room doesn't have any doors/windows inside?
a: A mushroom.

q: How many men from the US swim team does it take to open a door?
a: Just one if its lochte'd

q: Why do people keep a picture of their wife and kids in their wallet?
a: To remind them why there's no money in it 

q: What do you call a pig with three eyes?
a: Piiig 

q: What's the difference between an oyster having a seizure and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: The oyster shucks between fits...

q: What do you call a potato-loving despot?
a: Dick Tater.

q: Why are people in wheelchairs always getting taken advantage of?
a: Because they're easy to push around and never stand up for themselves

q: How do you speak to a deaf Ted Cruz?
a: Use zodiac signs

q: Why didn't Bono sell any wheat bread at his bakery?
a: Cuz it's all rye, it's all rye, it's all rye.

q: Why was the blonde's belly button sore?
a: Because her boyfriend was blond too.

q: What do you call a flight commandeered by pirates?
a: A peg leg.

q: What do you call a thousand lawyers, chained to the bottom of the ocean?
a: A start.

q: Which is the most eco-friendly subreddit?
a: , because 99% of its products are made from recycled material.

q: Two cats are sitting on a roof. Which one slides off first?
a: The one with the lowest mew.

q: Why are C programmers never invited to parties?
a: They have no class

q: Did you guys hear about the new death camps in North Korea?
a: No you didn't. You haven't heard anything. Long Live the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

q: If someone who speaks 2 languages is Bilingual, whats someone who speaks 1 called?
a: American. EDIT: My first post on Reddit and I get 1000+ up votes, thanks so much!!!

q: Why do Java programmers wear glasses?
a: Because they can't C#.

q: What's worse than one dead baby nailed to ten trees?
a: One live baby nailed to ten trees. 

q: Why am I black and you're white?
a: A boy asks his mom, Why am I black and you're white? She says, Don't even go there. The way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark

q: Why is Sven afraid of sex?
a: Because he was badly abused by his uncle when he was 5

q: What did the hat say to the tie?
a: You hang around. I'll go on a head.

q: Why did Sherlock Holmes get a colonoscopy?
a: It's alimentary, Watson.

q: What do you call a man who can't stand?
a: Neal

q: What's the difference between a terrorist cell and a children's hospital?
a: ... Don't ask me man, I just fly the drones. 

q: What did the gay Jamaican say to his S.O.?
a: I'm gonna Pokemon.

q: Why did the hipster otter leave his hometown river?
a: It was too mainstream :) 

q: [Ask Reddit] Blind Redditors what is your favourite post you have seen to date?
a: Oh.l

q: If you are having sex with two women and a third woman walks in, what do you have?
a: Divorce proceedings, most likely

q: How difficult is it to live with erectile dysfunction?
a: It turns out, it's not very hard at all

q: How did the steak knife find himself after drunk driving?
a: In car, serrated

q: Did you hear about the orgy at the campsite?
a: It was fucking intense.

q: You know what really kills me?
a: A knife to the throat

q: What's Father Time's nickname when he's drunk?
a: Wasted time!

q: Why couldn't the 3 speed mixer get auto insurance?
a: He was high whisk.

q: What is brown and sounds like a bell?
a: Dung!

q: You guys hear about that new Amish rapper?
a: TWO CHURNZ!

q: I'm a great insult comic. Want a quickie?
a: Cmon you won't feel a zing!

q: Anybody have bad credit?
a: Yeah I wouldn't admit it either...

q: Why was dyslexic Eminem put in a cage?
a: He was startin' to feel like a rap dog, rap dog. 

q: Where does Google and Apple get their weather information?
a: The Cloud. 

q: What do you call a spitting alarm?
a: An Allarma

q: How amazing is Michael Phelps?
a: He's got like a Brazilian Medals.

q: Why'd the chicken cross The Road?
a: Because he wasn't paid the money he deserved.

q: Why is housing cheaper as an orphan?
a: It's 'rent free!

q: What is the speed of sex?
a: 68,  Because when you hit 69, you flip over and eat it...

q: What's worse than finding your dad's fleshlight?
a: Finding his blacklight.

q: Two cows in a field. One asks should I be worried about mad cows disease?
a: Well Im not, the other replies, ...because Im a squirrel!

q: What did the friendly terrorist say when he walked into the gay club?
a: Free shots for everyone!

q: Why did the chicken go to the principal's office?
a: Because he had fowl languange.

q: What has 42 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?
a: My Zipper.

q: What does PONTIAC stand for?
a: Poor Old Nincompoop Thinks It's A Cadillac

q: What did one window say to the other window?
a: I'm in pane

q: What is the Popes favorite trick to do on a bike?
a: Papa-wheelie! 

q: What does HONDA stand for?
a: Hold On, Not Done Accelerating.

q: How can you tell when you have prostate cancer?
a: It's not hard.

q: How many men does it take to open a can of beer?
a: None. She should have opened it as she brought it to you.

q: How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Californians don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.  (I remember this from the 1970s when I was in middle school.  It's one of my first dirty jokes)

q: What do you call a botched circumcision?
a: A rip off

q: Honey bee: Why there are different types of blood groups?
a: Mosquito: So we can enjoy different flavors. 

q: Why did the fish's car break down?
a: It needed a tuna-up.

q: Did you hear about the Italian Chef that died?
a: He pasta way. His legacy will become a pizza history.

q: How many Black Lives Matters protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Don't be silly, Black Lives Matters protesters can't change anything.

q: If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton ended up in a car crash who would be saved?
a: America

q: What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic?
a: Going in to ask for a coat hanger

q: How many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Apparently more than 5, because my basement is still dark.

q: Writing a joke for my speech class can anybody help me?
a: I need to use the word hotdog or mustard in an acronym  They both don't have to be in the same acronym they can be 2 completely different abbreviations.  Its like one or the other. like "Hotdog association of America" HAA, but actually funny. 

q: Did you see the Chinese pole vaulter whose junk pushed the bar over the edge?
a: It was ridickulous.

q: What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
a: You can unscrew a lightbulb

q: Why did I stop reading M.C Escher books on the bus?
a: Because I always get weird stairs

q: Where do you buy sexy corsets?
a: Victorian's Secret

q: Why did x and y break up?
a: They couldn't function together.

q: Why is AIDS cooler than Forrest Gump?
a: Because AIDS gets the girl

q: Why didn't the criminal train operator die when he got the electric chair?
a: he was a bad conductor.

q: Do you know how NASCAR got its name?
a: It's from North Carolina. There were a bunch of dudes standing around a car, and one of them said, "That's a nas' car."

q: What do Bill Cosby and Santa Claus have in common?
a: They both come while you're sleeping

q: What's a crack addict's biggest fear?
a: Denuvo.

q: Want to hear a good physics pun?
a: It's relatively funny.

q: Why does Cinderella never win the Olympics?
a: She has a pumpkin for a coach and runs away from the ball.

q: Why should you never dogfight mermaids?
a: They're masters in Arielle combat

q: Why is learning English confusing when you're camping?
a: Because running is past tents.

q: Why do mycologists have such a good time?
a: Because they hang around the fungi.

q: What do you cal a campsite trampled by thousands of tiny insects?
a: A gnatural disaster. 

q: What do you call a lump of cats?
a: A meowtain

q: What do you call it when your Arab parents disaprove of your girlfriend?
a: Harambe

q: Why did the fruit salad go to jail?
a: Assault and bananaery.

q: What is a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math subject?
a: Triggernometry

q: How many Feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. Men can be Feminists, too.

q: What kind of shoes do ninjas use?
a: Sneakers.

q: How do you call an American that hasn't gone to the toilet in 7 days?
a:  An American full of himself.

q: Why are the developers of NoMansSky called Hellogames?
a: Because you never get a goodbuy from them 

q: What is the difference between a pine cone and a cheeto?
a: You are fucking stupid if you don't know 

q: What do you call a demon at the gym?
a: An exorcist.

q: Why did the banana bruise?
a: Answer: Because it was given a good fruit punch! zing

q: What do you call a Chinese speaking person who complains a lot?
a: wo ai ni

q: What happens when you play a country song backwards?
a: He finds his dog, his truck gets fixed, and his woman comes home.  

q: What's a foot long and slippery?
a: A Slipper. :D

q: what's a banana's favorite gymnastic event?
a: The splits

q: How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb ?
a: One

q: What type of computer sings?
a: A Dell.

q: What do you get when you cross a weasel with a whale?
a: A reprimand from the Scientific Ethics and Integrity Committee and an immediate withdrawal of your grant funding.

q: How many people does it take to change a lighthouse bulb?
a: 22. One to screw the bulb in, two to hold the glass cover, three to hold the three ladders which each of these men are standing on, four out on a boat trying to use light signals to communicate that the light isn't on yet, and 12 celtic band players singing to convince the three men that a fall down 20 flights of stairs would be painful.

q: Good news and bad news Which do you want to hear first?
a: Paul: I have good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first? Michael: The good news. Paul: The good news is that I have no bad news.

q: Why are people who work in IT amazing at relationships and sex?
a: When there is a problem they just turn them off and back on 

q: What's my favorite machine at the gym?
a: The snack machine.

q: What's faster than Usain Bolt ?
a: /Jokes reposts

q: What does an insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic spend most of his time doing?
a: Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: Why does no work ever get done on the Sun?
a: Because it's always a Sun day

q: Feeling down?
a: Try necromancy, it's sure to... raise your spirits.

q: How do you know the fastest runners are all doping?
a: They're always rushin.

q: Why Does Waldo Wear Stripes?
a: Because he doesn't want to be SPOTTED!!!

q: What did the poacher get when he saw the Northern White Rhino?
a: Shot.

q: What's the fastest way to make your trousers fall down?
a: Lusain Belt

q: What does the GO in Pokmon GO stand for?
a: Go Outside

q: What do you call bacteria that can swim fast?
a: Micro Phelps.

q: What kind of pants does Mario wear?
a: Denim Denim. Denim

q: What do Donald Trump and his chromosomes have in common?
a: There is one too many of them.

q: What do you call someone who smokes two doobies at once?
a: Double jointed. What do you call someone who can smoke three at once? Dead. Don't do drugs.

q: What happens when a guy from Finland dies?
a: He is finnished. Ha ha ha. God I am so depressed. :(

q: You wanna hear a yoke?
a: What?  You expected more than that? 

q: What does IS call the evolutionary theory that humans are descended from the ape family?
a: Boko Harambe

q: What do you say to a beggar who's wearing a Star of David?
a: "Jewish I'd give you money."

q: Why won't the pimp date any of his girls?
a: Because he doesn't want to get involved with a cockworker.

q: What do you call a gay tick?
a: Sodomite

q: Did you know the ninjas have gotten together and formed a union?
a: They strike from the shadows.

q: What do female ghosts have?
a: BooOOOooobs.

q: What is a Brit's favorite letter?
a: You'd think it would be "T", but it is "U".   *Favourite, btw.

q: What do you call a Muslim trainer's Pokmon?
a: Voltorb

q: Welcome to the Salty Spittoon, how tough are ya?
a: "I hung out with Future." "So what." "Young Metro doesn't trust me." "Right this way sir!"

q: What happens to stressed out Sailors?
a: They become Emotional ship-wrecks!! :)

q: We aren't allowed to drink during the job?
a: Let's get this sober with.

q: Did you here about the Blonde who made a large donation to the community swimming pool?
a: She gave 25 Gallons of water!

q: What beverage is often very helpful?
a: Lemon-ade 

q: Why can no one win at the Bangkok Olympics ?
a: Because it's always a THAI game.

q: What's better than winning a silver in the paralympics?
a: Being able to walk. 

q: Why did the surgeon refuse to dress for work?
a: He didn't want no scrubs

q: What do you call a French dog that sells medicine?
a: Un phrarmachien!

q: What did the NFL Commissioner say when Adele turned down the Superbowl Halftime Show?
a: Never mind, I'll find someone like you

q: Why aren't there any feminist sex dolls?
a: cause engineers havent been able to make one that's right.

q: What is the main difference between existentialism and nihilism?
a: Who knows? Who cares?

q: What's the difference between Jews and Harry Potter?
a: Harry Potter escaped the chamber

q: What's a Penguins favorite type of pasta?
a: Penguini

q: Did you ever hear the one about the two gay Irish guys?
a: Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick. 

q: Why are Pokemon terrible to play hide and seek with?
a: Because they pikachu 

q: How do you get out of a Russian prison?
a: You have Vladmir Putin a word for you. 

q: What's a classic Russian sci-fi film?
a: Czar Wars

q: What's the difference between a tribal tattoo and /r/jokes?
a: A tribal tattoo makes you laugh.

q: What do you get when you cross Donny Osmond and Marie Osmond?
a: Spastics!

q: What do you tell someone when you give them a high five?
a: Here you go: 

q: Hey girl, is your name Jacqueline Kennedy?
a: Cuz I wanna splatter all over you until you start screaming.

q: If pirates say "Arr", What do software pirates say?
a: .RAR

q: Did you hear the one about the hipster tree?
a: It was made from reclaimed wood.

q: Why do football players never fly first class?
a: They always say "Put me in coach!"

q: How do you know if someone is not a vegan?
a: They don't tell you

q: What animal sleep everywhere, shit anywhere, and have no respect to others?
a: The Chinese tourist.

q: What's the similarity between a smart employee and a perfect volleyball hit?
a: They're both fine assets!

q: What is the name of one of the Chinese gymnasts competing at the Rio Olympics?
a: Wai Tu Yung

q: Hey Reddit, wanna hear a joke?
a: You

q: What do you call a midget king?
a: "Your shortness."

q: What did the sarcastic taximan say when he lost his job?
a: Oh well that's just uber, isn't it

q: what's the hardest thing about be a pedophile?
a: I don't know...just fitting in I guess.

q: What do you call a mushroom that goes into a bar and buys everyone a drink?
a: The fun guy

q: What is the difference between r/jokes and a comedian?
a: A Comedian actually has funny jokes that doesn't repeat. 

q: What do 'Game of Thrones' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common?
a: Icy dead people

q: Who robbed Lochte at the Olympics?
a: Phelps. 

q: What does a condom and a wife have in common?
a: They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick 

q: What's the best thing about being named Richard?
a: Every picture of me is a Dick pic. Which is to say my own mother hangs Dick pics on her walls.

q: Did you hear about the lonely cow that joined a dating website?
a: She was searching for her udder half.

q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?
a: If you have bird flu you need tweetment.  If you have swine flu you need oinkment.

q: Waiter: would you like some cans, sir?
a: Food buyer: No, but can I get a bowl a soup?  Read out loud. 

q: Why did the Jews wander in the desert for 40 years?
a: Because one of them dropped a nickel.

q: What did the doctor say to the domestic abuse victim?
a: See you next "fall".

q: Why are women like DOS?
a: BAD COMMAND OR FILENAME

q: What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
a: Nothing. They were stuck up bitches. 

q: First thing you do in the school of rock?
a: Rock enroll.

q: Why was the bicycle lying on the side of the road?
a: It was two tired.

q: How many dirty buggers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Thirty.

q: what do you call a deer with no eyes?
a: 'No idea.....' 'What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?' 'Still no idea.......' My all time favourites :)

q: What do you call a gorilla with a banana in each ear ?
a: Whatever you want, he can't hear you..

q: How do you make an anti-socal guacamole?
a: Chavocado

q: Whats the difference between a goat and a kid?
a: I stopped butchering goats.

q: Whats the difference between skinny and squat?
a: I never took a skinny on a girl's chest.

q: What is William Shakespeare's favorite kind of meat?
a: Poultry

q: Why did the Muslim cross the road?
a: To get to the bigger crowd

q: what is the most imaginative nation?
a: Imagi'nation'

q: What is Snoop Dogg's favorite restaurant?
a: Sizzle-r

q: What is Adolf Hitlers favorite letter of the alphabet?
a: All of them, but Nazi.

q: How many dogs does it take to count 14 plates?
a: 14, maybe 15, but only if the plates ...  'run around a lot!'

q: What do you call a depressed gang member?
a: An emoji...  Emo g, get it?  From my 13 year old son

q: What do you call a joke with the wrong punchline?
a: To get to the other side!

q: What do you call a British nanny with an MDMA addiction?
a: Molly Poppins.

q: Why does Mexico do so poorly in the Olympics?
a: Because everybody who can run, jump, or swim is already in America.

q: What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of soup?
a: clan chowder

q: How do you turn two colors that work into a rainbow that doesn't?
a: Colorizebot

q: How many Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One. They're efficient and don't have humour.

q: Why did Chandler play the blues as loud as he could?
a: He wanted to harm monica. 

q: What happens when you hit a Jewish guy?
a: Hebrewses

q: How many senior medical consultants does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one. He holds up the bulb and waits for the world to revolve around him.

q: How did Hitler tie his shoes?
a: With little knotsies.

q: What happens if you game so much you forget to brush your teeth?
a: You get Halo-tosis. :-/

q: What's the difference between a Confederate flag and a black person?
a: There is none; Southerners both hang them from trees.

q: Why can't Admiral Ackbar fly to Hawaii?
a: "Aloha Ackbar" doesn't go over well at the airport 

q: Why are oatmeal cookies better?
a: No raisin

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
a: Ones a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other ones a fish.

q: Hey Dad, can you call me a cab?
a: No you lazy little shit, do it yourself!

q: Do you know how you can tell your roommate is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: What's the opposite of a basic Jew?
a: A Hasidic Jew. (Thank you.. Thank you.. I'll be here all week..)

q: Did you hear about the guy who lived in a Tyre?
a: He got a puncture now he lives in a Flat.     OK bye.

q: What do The Sixth Sense and The Titanic have in common?
a: Icy dead people

q: What rhymes with computer?
a: No it doesn't...

q: Where do fish deposit their money?
a: River banks

q: What was the REAL reason Harambe was executed?
a: He found Hillary's emails

q: Why do Pokemons like to eat sunflower seeds?
a: Because they like to pick and chew

q: What do you call a dog with no hind legs and steel balls?
a: Sparky.

q: Did you hear the one about the banker slug who couldn't find a home?
a: Turns out he was too big to snail.

q: What was Alex Rodriguez's last hit?
a: Who gives a shit, he's finally done ruining the sport. 

q: What is an Olympic pre race pep talk for a French competitor?
a: Retreat that way!

q: Beirut?
a: Da bess bayball playa who eva live!

q: What do you call a promised meal?
a: An oathmeal

q: How heavy is a hipster?
a: One thousand instagrams

q: Have you heard of the new running shoes that Apple's producing for the soldiers in middle East?
a: They're calling it iRan.

q: Why does Santa have such a big sack?
a: Because he only comes once a year.

q: Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
a: It never gets old

q: Why did the felon have so much energy?
a: He was well arrested!

q: What's the most common time to see the dentist?
a: Two Thirty.

q: Why does China have such a large population???
a: Because their condoms were Made in China.

q: What did Mr. Spock find in the toilet?
a: The Captains log

q: Why did the old man hate using the new chip cards?
a: He's trying to watch his sodium intake.

q: How do you catch a Pokemon?
a: Dig a hole and put Ash Ketchum in it. Then when a Pokemon comes by, run up and kick it in the Ash-hole.

q: Why do black people always say "I know right"?
a: Because they have no right.

q: Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil?
a: The pencil is better. It has a point.

q: What does a fencing Redditor always do with their jokes?
a: Ripostes them

q: Why did the boy eat his homework?
a: His dog died.

q: What did the stoic dolphin say to the whiny whale?
a: Cut out all that blubber and you can be more like me.

q: Whats the different between falling from the 10th floor and falling from the 1st floor ?
a: The sound you make  10th floor " AHHHHHHHHH   " 1st floor "   AHHHHHHHHHH "

q: How are Oscar the Grouch and the Olympic Diving Pools in Rio de Janeiro similar?
a: They're both green, smell like farts, and will stay that way for 47 years.

q: What aspect of the game do women soccer players like most?
a: Getting that good D

q: Did you hear about the soldier who survived pepper spray and mustard gas?
a: he's now a seasoned veteran 

q: What is the most certain way to prevent milk from souring?
a: Keep it in the cow.

q: What's great when you're at work, and terrible when you're in bed?
a: Getting off early

q: What did the out of shape owl say?
a:  h-hooo   h-hooo

q: Why did the Latino Eminem fail in the music business?
a: Because he had no compaDREs.

q: What did one snowman say to the other snowman?
a: It smells like carrots. 

q: In Jamaica, how do you know if a mango is ripe?
a: Pokmon Go!

q: Why do Jewish people watch porn backwards?
a: They like the part where the prostitute pays them

q: What programming languages would we use if C didn't exist?
a: Ans: PASAL, OBOL and BASI

q: How did the cheerleader get magic AIDS?
a: A Magic Johnson.

q: Why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office?
a: Because it was a mail dominated industry

q: Do you know how much cocaine Charlie Sheen uses ?
a: Enough to kill two and half a man.

q: What do you call a team of Slavic supervillains?
a: A Suicide Squat

q: What does Sean Connery say when he has to go number 2?
a: "I've got a shituation"

q: Broken heart?
a: Put it in rice.

q: Hey, do you want to see something funny?
a: Then don't look at  . 

q: Why was the road in so much pain?
a: Because it has a carpool tunnel. 

q: What did the vet say about the maimed donkey?
a: Wow, that ass sure took a pounding

q: What is Bart Simpsons' favorite kind of fish?
a: Stealhead!

q: Why are Japanese people so good at judo?
a: You can't ippon a Nippon.

q: Did you hear about the king who killed all of his peasants?
a: It was poor execution.

q: What swims slightly faster than a shark?
a: The Little Mermaid on her period.

q: What's an emo's favorite game?
a: Russian roulette, except with a full chamber.

q: What do valley girls drink?
a: Soo-Duhh!

q: What's a Mexican's favorite assignment?
a: Ese's(Essays)

q: What does BMW stand for?
a: Black man working

q: Who placed 3rd for basketball in the 2016 Olympics?
a: LeBronze James

q: What do you call a 3 legged cow named Summer in the winter?
a: Summer...Her name's summer. 

q: What's the difference between the Mafia and the Government?
a: Only one of them is organized.

q: You hear about the NBA player who married a midget?
a: He was nuts over her.

q: Why do dogs hate outer space?
a: Because they strongly dislike vacuums.

q: Why do prison guards use Proactive all the time?
a: So they can prevent breakouts.

q: About what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
a: Tennish

q: What did the pregnant orange see after 9 months?
a: The fruits of her labor.

q: Why is a giraffe's neck so long?
a: Why is a giraffe's neck so long? Because his neck is way up here! (Dad Joke)

q: Did you hear about the electrical store that got robbed?
a: They couldnt find any leads! 

q: What do French people put on really funny sandwiches?
a: LMAO

q: What did the depressed light switch say?
a: I can't go on. 

q: What is a Brit's favorite steak?
a: A Tea-bone

q: What does Rick Ross say after opening a pack with only Hershey's in it?
a: Ain't no merci

q: What does Gandhi not like on the Internet?
a: Salt

q: What do straight woman and gay men have in common?
a: They'd rather fuck an asshole than a pussy!

q: Why does Jimmy Carter swim on his back?
a: To keep his nuts dry.

q: What's the difference between Bernie quitting and Trump quitting?
a: When Bernie quits everyone is fucked. When Trump quits, everyone is saved.

q: What's the difference between a reindeer and a caribou?
a: Caribou can't fly. 

q: How do you turn a little boy into a little girl?
a: With a small loan of a million dollars.

q: What do a cell phone and anal bleach have in common?
a: They both change your ring tone

q: What is black, sings and lives next to a vagina?
a: Urethra Franklin 

q: What's a word that no matter how much you spelled it, it always wrong?
a: Wrong, the word is wrong

q: How to embarrass an archaeologist?
a: Give him a used tampon and ask him to determine which period it came from. 

q: Did you know 9 out of 10 dentists recommend chewing gum?
a: In other news, a dentist has recently been found dead in his apartment.

q: How many jews can you fit in a car?
a: 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 6 million in the ashtray...

q: what's the difference between you and an egg?
a: eggs get laid!

q: What's faster than a black man dodging cops with a TV?
a: His brother with the laptop.

q: Whats better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded.

q: What do you call a married cougar?
a: A cheetah.

q: What's the difference between a Nun and a lady taking a bath?
a: The Nun has hope in her soul and the lady taking a bath has soap in her hole.

q: How do you get Pikachu on a bus?
a: You Pokmon!

q: What do you call 2 lesbians in a canoe?
a: Fur traders....

q: What is similar about a twitch mod and an a reddit mod?
a: <message deleted>

q: Why did the football coach return to the bank?
a: To get his quarterback. 

q: Who invented rhetorical questions?
a: How should I know?

q: What does a German use to polish his trumpet?
a: Toot tonic 

q: How did 3 know 4 was a Ballerina?
a: He had a 2-2.

q: What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dogg?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What do you do if an Islamist throws a pin at you?
a: Run. He still has the grenade in his teeth.

q: What do you call someone who cleans vacuums?
a: A vacuum cleaner.

q: What do you call a homosexual on rollerblades?
a: Rolaids.

q: What do you call an attraction to your own mummy?
a: A dedipus complex.

q: What is a black Transformer's name?
a: Haramblebee

q: Did you hear that Fergie and R. Kelly are collaborating on a new album?
a: They are calling their group the Black Guy Pees.

q: An old man with Parkinson's who recently lost his wife looks down at his hands and asks what?
a: "Hey... wanna go steady?" (There's 7 billion people in the world, so 9 billion on Reddit. If this has been done before, I apologize. TBfuckingH I'm drunk and hope it hasn't.)

q: Why did the interrupting cow cross the road?
a: MOOOOOO!!!!

q: Did you hear about the man who invented the knock knock joke?
a: He won the Nobel prize.  (Sorry if this has been posted before, I heard it today for the first time and it made my day)

q: Why was the floppy disk self-conscious?
a: Because it was FAT.

q: What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go player?
a: What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go Player? Ash...

q: How does a german get to the airport?
a: He heils a taxi!

q: How do you climb Trump Tower?
a: With a corporate ladder.

q: What's the best part about dating a twin?
a: Nobody can judge you on your age difference.

q: How many creationists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: There's no such thing as a lightbulb.  How could such a thing appear fully formed.  It was put there by Satan to trick everyone.

q: Anyone heard of that game called "No Man's Sky" ?
a: They should rename it to "No Man Should Buy"...

q: Which college course does a feminist take?
a: Trick question! You need brain cells to get into college.

q: How does a duck swim from one side of the pond to the other?
a: Very Quackly

q: How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, that's what students are for.

q: did you hear about the gay, cannibal pirate?
a: apparently, he loved the taste of seamen.

q: Who's the fastest runner in the chinese olympic team?
a: Mr. Do Ping

q: What do you call a snarky criminal going down the stairs?
a: A condescending con descending. 

q: What do you call an STD that is contracted in your ear?
a: Hearing AIDS

q: Why is the cinematography of pornos so impressive?
a: Because it's all done one handed.

q: Whats the difference between America and Yogurt?
a: If you leave Yogurt alone for 200 years, it develops a culture.

q: [GoT] What is Little Finger's favorite thing about poetry?
a: "Shtanzas"

q: How did the doctor determine that the baby was affected by the Zika virus?
a: It was a no brainer. 

q: How do the Greeks seperate the men from the boys?
a: A crowbar.

q: What's four inches long and drives women crazy?
a: A 100 dollar bill you pervert!

q: What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree?
a: Hold onto your nuts, this is no   blow job!

q: How many IT guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: No IT guys change light bulbs, they just keep flicking the switch on and off again until something happens.

q: What do you call a chicken coop with five doors?
a: A hatchback. 

q: What's a blind mans worst fear ?
a: A prius

q: What do you call a girl from Alabama who's faster than her brothers?
a: A virgin

q: Why doesn't Mexico have a good Olympic team?
a: Because all the ones that can run, jump and swim are already in America.

q: What did the doctor say when a Chinese baby with down syndrome was born?
a: Congratulations, you have a healthy new baby!

q: How much does a Cockney spend on shampoo?
a: Pantene

q: What is black and starts with "nig"?
a: Nighttime, you racist bastard.

q: Did Donald Trump make the right choice when picking his running mate?
a: It de-Pence on who you ask.

q: What do you call a barstool turned upside down at a gay bar?
a: Seating for four!

q: What do you call a beetle in the bed sheets?
a: John Linen

q: What kind of beans do mummies eat?
a: Human beans 

q: Why the USA get silver in synchronized diving?
a: Because Steele Johnson always comes second.

q: Did you hear about child molester who plays the piano?
a: He was fingering a minor

q: What did Nicolas Cage say when his daughters grades came through?
a: Oh God, not the B's!

q: What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit?
a: the bucket

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic, and a dyslexic?
a: Somebody who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question whether or not theres a dog. EDIT: I just started reading Infinite Jest and thought this was a good one to share.

q: What do male prostitutes and Inspector Closeau have in common?
a: They're both Peter Sellers

q: What does a necrozoophiliac do?
a: Beat the dead horse. 

q: Cop: "Did you kill this man?
a: Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Me: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."

q: How many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just Juan you racist bastard. The other twelve are sleeping on the floor.

q: What is Rio's least liked, most common Pokemon?
a: Zikachu.

q: How do you get a witch pregnant?
a: How do you get a witch pregnant?

q: What's the difference between a musician and a dead body?
a: One composes, the other decomposes...

q: what happens when a nunga bucha walks into a bar?
a: he walk in and screams victor and victor screams aaryan.

q: What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.

q: Why are Americans so good at shooting?
a: They have the best schools for it. 

q: Q: Do you like sex and travel?
a: A: Yeah, of course! Reply: Right on, now fuck off.

q: What's the best part about showering with an eight year old girl?
a: Slicking her hair back and making her look like a six year old boy.

q: Why don't Indians play soccer?
a: Every time they get a corner they put a dairy on it.

q: What did Michael Phelps say after the Mens 200m?
a: I would've gotten second if it weren't for you medaling kids.

q: Does anyone else love going into psychosis?
a: idk theres just something about it that drives me crazy

q: What do you tell a kid with two black eyes?
a: Nothing. You already told him twice.

q: Guy: Hey baby, do you wanna 68?
a: Girl: You mean 69? Guy: No, 68. Girl: What's 68?! Guy: You go down on me and I'll owe you one. 

q: Why did team USA get a silver in Men's Diving?
a: Because Steele Johnson always comes second.

q: What do you get when an alternative metal band runs out of toilet paper?
a: Rage Upon the Latrine

q: What did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike?
a: Look ma, no hands! 

q: What did the egg say to the other egg?
a: Have a eggsellent day.

q: What is the difference between your suicide and the state of syria?
a: People are sad that the state of syria failed.

q: What's the difference between some tuna , a piano and some glue ?
a: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna

q: What do you call an original idea on Reddit?
a: A repost.

q: What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave?
a: I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.  

q: can i ask you two questions?
a: Sure Thanks?

q: What do you call a epileptic roman emperor?
a: Just had a Seizure. (too those who dont get it read it out loud quickly) 

q: What is something that you can never eat for breakfast?
a: Lunch and dinner.

q: Who was the widest knight at King Arthur's round table?
a: Sir Cumference, he ate too much pi 

q: Why do French tanks have a rear-view mirror?
a: To see the front

q: Why do geologists love sandwiches in the field?
a: Because they can get their whole grains. 

q: Why did Trump cross the road?
a: To escape the Orangutan Sanctuary!

q: What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
a: At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums on your face! 

q: Why does Michael Phelps refuse to aid his teammates in preparing for the Olympics?
a: He only Phelps himself.

q: What happened when Isaac Newton met the apple?
a: He found the apple was a surprisingly down-to-Earth kinda guy.

q: What's the difference between a Russian Potato and a U.S. Potato?
a: The U.S. potato can still compete in the Special Olympics.

q: The dad asks his son: "What has four legs and isn't alive?
a: Son: "nice try, a chair!" Dad: "Nope. Our dog just died."

q: Did you hear about the old man selling boats in the attic?
a: The sails were going through the roof.

q: How do they launch a champagne factory?
a: They throw a boat at it.

q: How many babies does it take to paint a room?
a: Depends how hard you can throw them.

q: What's the difference between amnesia and alzheimers?
a: I can't remember.

q: Why doesn't anyone go to Coney Island anymore?
a: It's too busy.

q: What is Hillary Clinton's favorite sport?
a: NASCAR, because it's always heading to the left. 

q: Why are the "sans" family of fonts so serious?
a: No one wants to be comic sans. 

q: What is an Asian pedophile's favorite soup?
a: Cream of SumYungGai

q: What does a rapper call a Russian Olympians blood?
a: Dope!

q: What do you get when you mix a Japanese and Welsh person?
a: Dicks out for her  amb!

q: Hey girl is there wifi here?
a: Cuz i feel a connection

q: Santa Fe?
a: A Scottish Guy is suing an American Quiz show. He was denied the $50000 top prize when he was told he had answered the final question incorrectly. He however insists he was correct in his answer. Here is what he was asked: Question - Where is Santa Fe? Scottish guy's answer - North Pole

q: What did the Networking manager tell his assistant about working late?
a: Tell my wifi won't be home for dinner. 

q: Why are there many black people hanging around my family tree?
a: because im a black man you racist

q: What gets greater with age?
a: My crippling debt.

q: What is the official cereal for the Rio olympics?
a: Cheer-Rios

q: What do you call an emo vegetable?
a: A despair-agus

q: How do you guys think the Germans will do in the Olympics this year?
a: Not too well considering they can't finish a race.

q: Why is it called "the circle of life"?
a: Because it's pointless.

q: Why was the programmer sexist?
a: Because he treats women like objects. EDIT: phrasing

q: What do you call the offspring of a sheep and a gorilla?
a: haRAMbe

q: What time of day was Adam born?
a: Just a little before Eve 

q: What do you call an old barometer?
a: Weathered. 

q: What's the difference?
a: What's the difference between a rapist and a pope?

q: What's the difference between a piano and a fish?
a: You can't tuna fish!

q: Why does no one trust victoria ?
a: Because victoria has secrets . 

q: What's a single Scottish man's favourite kind of cookie?
a: Mo' lasses

q: Ever seen an elephant hiding in a cherry tree?
a: No? Well, they must be hiding pretty good

q: What's the best place to hide a boy?
a: Page two of Google

q: What's better than winning a gold medal at the Paralympics?
a: Walking

q: Why does the Olympic torch always start in Olympia?
a: Because it's hard to put out a Greece fire. 

q: What's long and hard every time you wake up?
a: Getting out of bed. You never feel like it making hard to get up and you usually take a long time to.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a PC from 1995?
a: A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies.

q: Why are white girls so odd?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: Knock knock knock knock knock. Who's there?
a: Michael J Fox

q: What was the burglar doing in Wayne Manor?
a: He was Robin.

q: What's the difference between a Pilot and a jet engine?
a: A jet engine stops whining after it lands

q: Why do Muslims love shopping at Ross?
a: Because they can dress foreless.

q: What did the optimist say to his doctor when he found out he had lung cancer?
a: "Well, I'll deal with this asbestos I can!" 

q: How many millennials does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, it's already lit fam.

q: Why are Muslim countries are banning PokemonGo?
a: Because Allah likes digimon

q: How many pornstars does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two, and a really big lightbulb.

q: Why couldn't a kid watch a pirate movie?
a: Because it was rated R.

q: Whats the difference between a priest and acne?
a: One waits till you're 14 before coming on your face.

q: How do you tell a transgender from a real woman?
a: The quality of the sandwich.

q: What do terrorists eat?
a: Allah snack bar. They say its the bomb!

q: Whats the best thing Orlando Bloom's ever been in?
a: Katy Perry

q: What does Uncle Vernon not do today?
a: Post.

q: What would Game of Thrones be called if it was about ice cream?
a: Game of Cones If it was about sword sharpening: Game of Hones If it was just everyone playing Go: Game of Stones If everyone was single: Game of Alones If it was about balls: Game of Throwns If it was about spooky scary skeletons: Game of Bones If everyone used UAVs to fight: Game of Drones If everyone was a banker: Game of Loans If it was about breakfast foods: Game of Scones

q: Have you guys seen Stevie Wonder's new concert?
a: Neither has him.

q: How did NBC respond to someone who criticized their broadcasting?
a: I ( ) can't ( ) understand ( ) your accent ( ).

q: Why is Hitler's Favorite Animal the Cheetah?
a: Because they are the Facist animals within existence.

q: What do you call the underground slave trade?
a: The black market.

q: Why are asteroids so strong when they hit the planet?
a: Because they take a steroid.

q: What do you call an Arab who owns a goat and a camel?
a: Bisexual.

q: What do you call a big polish wiener?
a: Polska Kielbasa.

q: How do you get a Canadian to pay you back?
a: You ask.

q: What's the difference between a gay man and a freezer?
a: The freezer doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.

q: drity What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
a: Her wedding cake.

q: My coffee tastes like dirt! What gives?
a: It's fresh ground.

q: Who is the commander of cheese?
a: Sargento

q: What did a binary number say to another?
a: I'm the one, you zero!

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a plastic grocery bag?
a: One is made of plastic and dangerous for children to play with... And the other carries groceries.

q: Why don't the French need air conditioner?
a: They use 2-in-1 shampoo

q: What did the ocean say to the shore?
a: Nothing, it just waved.

q: What's the hardest part to eat about a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair

q: What do Windows and a submarine have in common?
a: If you open the windows in a submarine, your problems will begin.

q: what did the cemetery dude say when he buried the wrong guy?
a: i made a grave mistake

q: You know about Pizza Hut?
a: More like Pizza Butt

q: What does the founder of Playboy say when he gets wrongfully imprisoned?
a: 'Hugh Hefner right to do this!'

q: What do you call a party thrown by a Terrorist at a bar on a hot day in Hawaii?
a: A-lou-AK-bar.

q: Where do fat people live?
a: Obe-city

q: What kind of sick bird is against the law?
a: an ill eagle

q: How do you know that a joke is a repost?
a: Don't worry. Some asshole will tell you.

q: What did the lead singer of The Prodigy say to the guy parking his Mini Cooper?
a: Back my Smitch Up!

q: Why can you trust saggy boobs?
a: Because they're ex-perts

q: How many rainbows does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: The white amount.

q: Why did the swarm of mosquitoes kill a loner mosquito & robbed it of it's bloodbank?
a: It sucked a lot. 

q: What did Delaware?
a: A New Jersey

q: What's big, white and f**ks New Zealanders?
a: Mt. Erebus

q: What do you call a man who loves a woman for her brains?
a: A zombie.

q: What do you call pasta that someone chokes on?
a: Ralveoli.

q: Who built the round table?
a: Sir Cumference

q: Why are oceans so salty?
a: Because the Earth is always tilted.

q: Who was the most well known Jewish cook?
a: Hitler!

q: What's cold and comes in April?
a: Her dad.

q: What is the same about Subway sandwiches and Jared Fogle's porn collection?
a: Everything is 12 or under.

q: What do you call a man with a vagina?
a: Anything, just don't call him late for dinner. 

q: How do you make a 'feature wall' in Alaska?
a: With a shotgun suicide.

q: What do you call it when everyone is behaving on a cruise ship?
a: Cruise control.  LOL fuck everyone hahahaha 666SATAN666

q: What do you do if an Elephant breaks his big toe?
a: Call a big toe truck.

q: What did God say to the deviled egg?
a: Nothing. God is a fictitious construct and deviled eggs are chicken embryos filled with condiments. Find something better to do with your time.  

q: You know who really did 9/11?
a: AL- qaeda

q: What did God say to the alcoholic spelling bee judge?
a: "Define intervention." Came up with this today at work. 

q: How will a black chef start with his recipe?
a: First we steal two Eggs

q: Did you hear about the author who wrote a book during her time of the month?
a: It was a period piece.

q: What is the most racist (and ignorant) musical instrument?
a: The Trumpet.

q: What's the stupidest animal you can find in a jungle?
a: A polar bear.

q: What happens when you heavily water farmland?
a: The plot thickens.

q: What is white and inside a baby's diaper?
a: Michael Jackson's ghost's hand.

q: Why can't your jokes ever make NRA members laugh?
a: Because jokes don't make people laugh, people make people laugh.

q: What do you call someone stealing musical instruments?
a: A Luter.

q: When did Hitler let his dog eat his homework?
a: When it was Jew.

q: What's the definition of a Wookiee?
a: Someone who doesn't have any expewience

q: What did the policeman say to his stomach?
a: Your under a vest

q: Why are there no Jewish people in jail?
a: Because they ate all the lox. 

q: What do you call a vet that can only work on one animal?
a: A doctor

q: What do you call a sophisticated American?
a: Canadian

q: What do you call a dead magician?
a: Abra Cadaver. 

q: Why do college frat boys drink before bathing?
a: Buds before suds, bro.

q: What's worse than having a screaming child on your hands?
a: Having half a screaming child on your hands.

q: What's worse than your mother-in-law?
a: My mother-in-law.

q: What do jehovah's witnesses believe in?
a: That I will open the door

q: What do you call a world leader who white people are opposed to?
a: Vladimir Gluten

q: How does a mustache support his family in the event of his untimely death?
a: By investing in a shavings account. 

q: [Corny] What does a highlighter say when it answers the phone?
a: Yello?

q: Why would John Wilkes Booth kill Abraham Lincoln?
a: You would too if the guy in front of you at the Theatre was wearing a Top Hat!

q: What's the difference between an extroverted mathematician and an introverted mathematician?
a: The extroverted mathematician looks at YOUR shoes when he's speaking to you.

q: How would you describe the average bully?
a: Mean.

q: What do you call a word with two W's and one K?
a: Awkward.

q: What do politicians and diapers have in common?
a: Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reason.

q: Have you ever been to a party where you didn't know anyone?
a: An quittance of Joe said: "Have you ever been to a party" Joe responded: "yes" The Acquaintance replied: "Yeah but like one where you were randomly invited and didn't know anyone there" Joe quickly replied: "Yeah, I have actually" The Acquaintance said surprised: "Really? which one?" Joe: "My schools' after prom party".

q: I have to poop, what should i do?
a: shitpost

q: How is Drake similar to someone with dysuria?
a: They both spit fire

q: What do you get when you cross a busy road with a broken leg and a blindfold?
a: Hit.

q: What is a relationship?
a: It's the one that always sinks....

q: What is pink and fluffy?
a: Pink Fluff! What is blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding it's breath!

q: How are E.T. and a Mexican immigrant the same?
a: They both steal your bike.

q: What do a rubix cube and a penis have in common?
a: The longer you play with it, the harder it gets. 

q: What can't you spell without the letters p-e-n-i-s?
a: Happiness... you dirty bastards

q: Who goes to female prostitutes? Men. Who goes to male prostitutes?
a: Men. credit: 

q: What do you call it when stoners split a check?
a: High finance.

q: What's a horrible icebreaker?
a: The titanic

q: What do you call a pizza with just peppers on it?
a: A pepperonly pizza!

q: What is the Beatles' favourite social media site?
a: REDDIT BE

q: What do you call the child of a magician and a potato?
a: A prestidigitator tot!

q: Imagine if your roommate made you watch a movie and left 10 mins into it. Dick move, right?
a: My point is old people shouldn't get to vote 

q: How did Jesus get to the other side of the street?
a: He used the Cross Walk. 

q: What do you call a shorn sheep in a New Zealand bar?
a: A skimpy.

q: What's Hillary Clinton's key to success?
a: The Delete Key

q: How many Southern Baptists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: .....change??

q: What does an IT guy use for birth control?
a: His personality. 

q: How do you starve a Jewish man?
a: Put his coupons under his charity pamphlet.

q: What's black and never works?
a: Decaf coffee.

q: Why are the old trees always yelling?
a: They were all petrified. 

q: What is a common question at lizards' fast food joints?
a: You want flies with that?

q: Why are foodfights forbidden in japanese schools?
a: The children always end up with lice in their hair.

q: What do you call a masturbating cow?
a: Beef Stroganoff. 

q: What do you call a Female PeaCOCK ?
a: A PeaCUNT

q: What do you call it when Batman skips church?
a: Christian Bales

q: What did God say to all the Jews, Christians and Muslims of the world?
a: nothing 

q: If you got into an accident with Hillary and Trump, who would you rescue?
a: America

q: Why do you call a person with 3 legs?
a: Mutated

q: Are you made of Copper and Tellurium?
a: Because you are CuTe Credits to Life is Strange video game. 

q: What happened to Kim Jong?
a: He was ill.

q: What do you say to the midget prostitute?
a: "Don't you think you're selling yourself short?"

q: What do you call a cat that's guilty of infidelity?
a: A cheetah 

q: What do you call sixty female pigs and forty male deer?
a: A hundred sows and bucks.

q: How do you blindfold a chinese person?
a: With dental floss

q: How can you attract a group of like minded friends?
a: This clique bait will shock you!

q: Where did little John go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere.

q: What do you call a painter with a brown finger?
a: Picasso

q: What is Bill Clinton's favorite song from Hamilton?
a: Say No To This.

q: Whats the Difference between a Third-Wave Feminist and a Pencil?
a: The pencil has a point

q: What do you call an earthquake in NYC?
a: Harlem Shake.

q: How do African mermaids cover their breasts?
a: They use sea bras.

q: What do you call a Pikachu caught in Brazil?
a: A Zikachu

q: [OC] What is Hillary Clinton's favorite video game?
a: Super-Pac man.

q: How do you get 30 drunk Americans out of the pool?
a: "Allahu Akhbarrrr"

q: What's the difference between a refugee and E.T?
a: E.T learned English and wanted to go home.

q: What do you call fake shit?
a: Shampoo

q: What do you call a body builder?
a: Jim.

q: How do you offend a comedian?
a: You tell them a bad joke.

q: What did the saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
a: "Man, if we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts."

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite song?
a: Wonderwall Mexican cover

q: How do you hear a hormone?
a: Pay $100 for 30 minutes

q: What is the favorite scientific unit of the French?
a: RPM ( Revolutions Per Minute )

q: What will kill you on leg day?
a: Suicide squat.

q: How do you get 30 drunk Russians out of the pool?
a: Put 30 crates of vodka near the pool

q: How much will a pirate charge you for a piercing?
a: Buckaneer 

q: What did the Mexican do when he arrived in America?
a: [removed]

q: How many "a man walks into a bar" jokes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, but you can be sure a whole Reddit community will appear to expand the joke, make it funnier and eventually run it into the ground.

q: What's an SJW's favourite animal?
a: A Pander.

q: What's the difference between Valve and uranium?
a: Uranium gets to its half-life on time.

q: Why couldn't the hippie be saved from drowning?
a: He was too far out man.

q: What's Donald's true political party?
a: Whig

q: How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs they screw in dirty sleeping bags. 

q: At church, what three words are foremost in a bride's mind on her wedding day?
a: "Aisle,altar,hymn.

q: How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool?
a: "Please Get Out The Pool"

q: What would Burger Kings slogan be if Jesus founded it?
a: Have it Yahweh

q: What do you call a dumb cop?
a: A LEOtard.

q: Why did Batman go to the corner store?
a: FOR JUST ICE

q: What do you call a gay dinosaur?
a: A Megasoreass

q: What do hipsters call breast milk?
a: Tit tea.

q: What's the difference between a weatherman and an overweight doctor that handles the urinary tract?
a: One's a meteorologist and the other's a meaty urologist.

q: What does an injured gyro say?
a: "I falafel."

q: What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Usain Bolt?
a: Usain Bolt can actually finish a race.

q: Why is the alphabet of a pirate incomplete ?
a: Because they lost an I.

q: Where are you most likely to drown?
a:  

q: What's the hardest part about stir-frying vegetables?
a: You're gonna need a hell of a big wok to fit a wheelchair.

q: What can an Elephant make that no other animal can make?
a: Baby elephants.

q: You know what would be a hilarious prank?
a: Make people study for 18 years and dont give them a job. 

q: What do you call a fish with no eyes?
a: Dinner

q: What's the difference between a bonus and a penis?
a: A wife will blow a bonus.

q: What are cranes made of?
a: Cranium.

q: What do you call a fight between a human and a gorilla?
a: A harumble.

q: Did you hear that one about Alzheimers?
a: ... I forgot it.

q: What's a shitpost dad?
a: Respond to this post or else your mother will die in her sleep tonight

q: How would America win gold medals in shooting for the Olympics?
a: They take their prison population and school population to Rio.

q: Has anyone listened to the hottest boy band from Mexico?
a: I heard they're called Juan Direction

q: Why was the man always pissy when he got home from work?
a: Because he was a urologist.

q: What do you call a clown and a crook rolling in feces?
a: The US elections. 

q: Did Anne Frank have a good time at camp?
a: Of course! She said it was a gas!

q: 'One two three' cat and 'Un deux trois' cat decided to have a boat race. Who won?
a: 'One two three' cat, because 'Un deux trois' cat sank.

q: Whats funky and fits in a cardboard box?
a: A homeless epileptic.

q: What is a pirate's favorite pastime?
a: Rape. 

q: What do you call a movie about dancing robots?
a: Step up: transformers :v

q: What do you get when you multiply 1,654,835,583 to 5,687,423,908?
a: A headache.

q: What is Russia's favorite imported product?
a: Ukraine.

q: What's slimy, long and smells like pork?
a: Kermit the Frog's Finger.

q: Why did the celiac patient have to skip leg-day?
a: Because he's allergic to glutes

q: What's the difference between Trump and Hitler?
a: Hitler never raped a 13 year old.

q: What do you call an epileptic in a lettuce patch?
a: A seizure salad.

q: Whats the difference between a Christian and a Muslim?
a: One blows up kids, the other gets blown  by them.

q: What did Ned Stark say when his daughter told him that she was pregnant?
a: Are ya?

q: Mum why am i getting my Christmas present in August?
a: Because its cheaper than chemo.

q: Why can't you hear pterodactyls go to the bathroom?
a: Because dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago.

q: What's the difference between Batman and a Black man?
a: Batman can go out at night without Robin

q: Did you hear that the Expendables cast is making a movie about classical composers?
a: Arnold Schwarzenegger said, "I'll be Bach."

q: What's the difference between a vegetable and a fruit?
a: One is in a coma, and the other is gay.

q: Why did the chicken cross the rogue?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Where do cat astronauts go?
a: Meowterspace

q: What's the difference between a priest and a pimple?
a: A pimple only comes on your face after puberty. 

q: What do you call a buyer that likes to curse?
a: A cusstomer

q: What do you call a group of emos?
a: The Suicide Squad

q: What the hell is Minecraft?
a: Hitler's lesser known, second, book about his love of knitting.

q: What do you call a naked potato?
a: A spuddy in the nuddy! 

q: Who has two thumbs and a concealed identity?
a: Disguise!

q: Why can't you fool the aborted baby?
a: It wasn't born yesterday.

q: Do all black people have a problem with slavery?
a: Or just mine?

q: What do people with mommy issues wear?
a: Oedipal panties. 

q: What do you call a Chinese kid playing college football?
a: A wok on.

q: How do you make an ugly baby?
a: Ask your parents.

q: What did the cell say to his sister when she stepped on his foot?
a: Ow, mitosis!

q: What's a pirate's favourite Roman numeral?
a: You might think it's II, but his true love be the C.

q: how did the bananas get away from the cops?
a: They split up.

q: What do you get when you cross a turd and a mailbox?
a: Shitpost.

q: What did the clock say to the other clock after she gave him a handjob?
a: now give me a second hand job

q: How do you tell when a woman has an orgasm?
a: Who cares

q: How does a racist joke start?
a: A small loan of a million dollars. 

q: Why do dog lick their balls?
a: Because they can

q: What's colorless and smells sweet?
a: Chloroform SHHHH..

q: What do girls and noodles have in common?
a: They both wiggle when you eat them.

q: What do you call 5 blacks having sex?
a: A threesome

q: What would cause the primary model to fail?
a: If the creator were to forget to rig it!

q: What does an egg say when he's getting turnt?
a: Omelette!!

q: What do you call a dog that is also a magician?
a: A Labracadabrador.

q: How do you get from Iran to Iraq without moving?
a: You switch the 'n' with 'q'.

q: What do you call a Black, Jewish man on the moon?
a: An astronaut you fucking racist

q: What did Jesus say to Peter?
a: Hebrew

q: What's a homotron?
a: Just an electron that goes around looking for a fuse to blow!

q: What do you get when you cross my mom with my dad?
a: I don't know, but my Dad said it was a mistake.

q: What is the difference between Donald and a peace of sh..?
a: NOTHING....!!!

q: What's the difference between sod and a fat chick?
a: Nothing, sooner or later they will both be laid by a Mexican

q: What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a coconut?
a: Coconuts have hair

q: How much did it cost the pirate to get his ears pierced?
a: A buccaneer! 

q: What is a Squirrels favorite joke?
a: A-corny joke.

q: What's the best thing about Switzerland?
a: I don't know, but their flag is a huge plus.

q: What does Uncle Vernon from Harry Potter not do on Reddit?
a: Post on Sundays.

q: What begins at the end and ends at the beginning?
a: Back to school ads

q: How do you know a white person is about to tell a joke?
a: He's looking over his shoulder

q: Where does Kanye West like to go with his son?
a: North West

q: What do you call a black guy in a museum?
a: Antique farm equipment

q: What's the difference between Donald and a piece of fruit?
a: Oranges have thick skin. Let the downvotes fly, people! You've only got one! Edit: Did not expect this joke to get this good of a reception. Thanks, guys!

q: What do you call a discount sauna?
a: A steam sale

q: What does a perverted frog say?
a: Rubbit

q: What do you get when you cross my mom and my dad?
a: I don't know but my dad said it was a mistake :D

q: What do you call someone who discriminates against paintings?
a: An artist. My 11 year son just came up with this one.

q: What's the definition of 'vagina'?
a: The box the penis comes in!

q: Did you know that people from Dubai don't like "the Flintstones"?
a: ... but Abu Dhabi do!

q: You know the 'Done' button you press to exit a video?
a: How come it only sounds judgy and sarcastic after I've finished jacking off?

q: What do you call a group of gay cavemen?
a: Homo erectus.

q: What do you call a dead gorilla in a shopping centre?
a: Boko Harambe

q: Why was Sevilla FC closed down?
a: They were documented to have sold Coke. 

q: What did one pile of wood chips say to the other?
a: Nothing. They weren't mulch for conversation.

q: How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Californians don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in hot tubs and infinity pools.

q: What is the bogeyman's greatest fear?
a: Coming out of the closet.

q: Corny Joke: What do you get when you drop a few ears of corn into a pie?
a: You get a cobbler! 

q: What does a house wear?
a: Address! 

q: What did the Iraqi boy say when his dad forgot his rucksack?
a: Baghdad!

q: Why don't witches wear panties?
a: Because they need to grip the broom! 

q: What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
a: "Is this a tumblr meetup?"

q: How do you open a door underwater?
a: You swimming pull

q: It's April 1st!?
a: Julying!

q: Why are so many computer scientists atheists?
a: Because praying for a bug fix is guaranteed to fail.

q: What do you call a lawmaker in a society ruled by horses that says one thing but does the opposite?
a: A hippocratic hypocrite.

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Lamborghini?
a: The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine

q: What does the word 'gay' mean?
a: asked a son to his father. "It means 'happy,'" replied the father. "Oh," contested the son, "so are you gay, then?" "No, son, I have a wife."

q: What's the hardest part breaking up with a Japanese girlfriend?
a: You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.

q: Why was Mel Gibson in a bar at 9am?
a: He overslept.

q: What do blondes and tornado's have in common?
a: There is a lot of blowing and sucking at first, but in the end you lose your home!

q: Have you heard about the guy whose whole left side got shaved by a train?
a: I heard he is all right now

q: where is your husband?
a: Chasing pokemons... 

q: What did the Los Angeles Lakers finish on tuesday?
a: Kim Kardashian's face.

q: When can women make you a millionaire?
a: When you're a billionaire.

q: What's black, blue and doesn't look too well?
a: Stevie Wonder

q: What do North Korean weapons and T-Rex's have in common?
a: They both can't reach really far.

q: What did the thief say when someone was about to go get his attention?
a: "You owe me five billion million gajillion bucks coz I turned into a human and run for a president. The other half doesnt have the money to pay, and that he would kill himself soon.

q: Why is depressed clothing so convenient?
a: It hangs itself

q: How do you get a Jew to shower?
a: Offer him a free train ticket

q: Where is Sith Lord's favorite place to shop?
a: Darth Mall.

q: What is a teenage girl's best friend?
a: Passive-Aggression

q: What's orange and has four wheels?
a: Donald Trump. I lied about the wheels.

q: Why do white girls always walk around in groups of 3?
a: Because they can't even!

q: What's the difference between the G-Spot and a Golf Ball?
a: A guy will actually spend time searching for a Golf Ball. 

q: What do you call a female Native American hip hop artist?
a: Arapahoe

q: Did you hear about the Transformers creepy uncle?
a: Gropetemis Prime.

q: Why did the Catholic Priest cross the road?
a: To get to the school yard.

q: What is the saddest that can happen to Putin's team for the olympic games ?
a: To be put out.

q: What time is it in India?
a: 7-Eleven on the dot.

q: What's long, hard and bendable and contains the letters p, e, n, i, s?
a: Your spine Edit: Thanks guys, made it to the front page. Was my first joke and   spine joke on Reddit. 

q: what colour were Kurt Cobain's eyes?
a: blue one blew this way, one blew that way

q: What state has the smallest soft drinks?
a: Minisoda

q: You know why you can't play Uno with Mexicans?
a: They steal all the green cards!

q: Why do they evacuate women and children first?
a: You can't fix shit with all that screaming and crying. (  Check #2 here:  )

q: Did you hear about the guy in Egypt that didn't think he was drowning?
a: He was in dah Nile.

q: Why did Bill Gates get sick?
a: Because he left the Windows open.

q: What did the ceiling fan say?
a: YEEEEAAAAH! GO CEILING! YOU NUMBER ONE BABY! WOOOOOOHOOOOOO!

q: How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag?
a: You take the s out of safe and the f out of way!

q: What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear?
a: White Vans

q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he came out to be bisexual?
a: It's okay, we're Bi-son.

q: How does a Reaver clean his spear?
a: He puts it in the Wash.

q: What has 2 legs but can not walk?
a: A cripple. 

q: How does it feel to have your head separated from your body?
a: It tears your apart.

q: Why do lobsters make bad lovers?
a: They're shellfish in bed.

q: What would you call a social media marketing genius?
a: Masterbaiter

q: What's worse then finding a worm in your apple?
a: A bad anti-joke

q: What do you call an Indian guy who's looking for a date?
a: Tinder

q: Do you know the difference between a suppository and a pineapple?
a: Try sticking a pineapple in your ass, then tell me

q: How do you get in the 'Public Urination Club'?
a: Walk up to the nearest police officer and you're in.

q: What's the difference between people from Dubai and people from Abu Dhabi?
a: People from Dubai don't watch The Flintstones, but people from Abu Dhabi do

q: Why do objects disappear when you move them twice?
a: Because you remove them.

q: Want to hear a funny presidential joke?
a: Donald Trump. 

q: What do you call a stay at home dad?
a: Unemployed. 

q: What did the snail say while riding on the turtle's back?
a: Wheeeeeee!

q: Want to hear a gay joke?
a: Seven.

q: whats a muslims favorite kind of pepper?
a: allahpeno

q: Why can't Miss Piggy count to 70?
a: Because every time she reaches 69 she gets a frog in her throat. 

q: What did the dead magician say?
a: Abra-cadaver

q: Who is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: Why wasn't the vampire killed?
a: The vampire hunter made a miss-stake.

q: What do you call a gay fly?
a: a maggot

q: What does Jeremy Clarkson and Amy Winehouse have in common?
a: They both used to be on top gear.

q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield?
a: Its arsehole.

q: Why God impregnated Mary?
a: Because instead of "Oh Joseph! Cum in me!", Mary said "Oh God! Cum in me!"

q: What do you call a blowjob from a vampire?
a: Blood sausage.

q: What did Ash tell his Pokemon?
a: Pokemon Go! 

q: What do you call a company run entirely by ghosts?
a: An incorporation.

q: What were the political views of the librarian?
a: She wanted open borders.

q: What did the father Buffalo say to his son as he left for school?
a: Bison

q: What's the difference between a man-whore and Santa Claus?
a: Santa stops after three "hoes"

q: Why do mathematicians dislike cloth rugs?
a: They prefer fur mats.

q: What makes fish smell?
a: One fine morning in Eden, God was looking for Eve, but couldn't find them. God saw Adam and asked where Eve was? Adam replied, "She's down at the Ocean, taking a bath."  "Damn," says God, "now all the fish will smell."

q: What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies?
a: Q: What does a waiter ask a group of Jewish ladies? A: "Is ANYTHING all right?"

q: Did you hear the one about the Jewish terrorist?
a: He was gonna hijack a plane but he didn't want to use his miles Credit: Hesh from The Sopranos Note: I'm Jewish, not sure if that makes it better or worse ;-)

q: How do you confuse a straight person?
a: LGBTQ+

q: What do French athletes wear?
a: Jaques straps

q: What's the difference between three dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: Hey baby, You know how I know I'm getting laid tonight?
a: I'm stronger than you.

q: How do you know your letter is gay?
a: It came in the mail.

q: What game show do pickles play?
a: Dill or No Dill

q: What's it like paying a dude for sex?
a: It's a pain in the ass.

q: Why does Pinnochio always get an erection when he's in a forest?
a: Because he has a woodpecker!

q: Why doesn't Donald Trump toot his own Horn?
a: He plays the TRUMPet.

q: How do you confuse a 7 year old?
a: Gay

q: What's the difference between a vegetarian and a virgin?
a: A vegetarian doesn't like meat and a virgin doesn't know yet if she likes meat or not.

q: Why did King Kong go to the airport?
a: He had a plane to catch. 

q: Where did I take my pet Cow on Valentines Day?
a: To the Moooovies 

q: What's the difference between a terrorist camp and a school?
a: No idea man, im just flying the drone. 

q: Why don't programmers go on panty raids?
a: Because they get undie find errors.

q: Why are fire trucks red?
a: You would be too if someone was pulling on your hose all day.

q: What do a pedophile and a Pokemon master have in common?
a: They both have a collection of CP

q: I just left my job, see why ?
a: She : I just left my job. I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me. Me : What did he say ? She : You're fired.

q: What do you call a self-referential question posing as a joke setup?
a: Not funny. Except in that you know, "heh, meta" kinda way. Heh, meta.

q: What phrase do both pedophiles and middle aged women say?
a: "Age is just a number"

q: What's the difference between a book and a Mexican?
a: A book has papers.

q: What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
a: Hilary's dick.

q: Why should you work for a vegetable factory?
a: Because they offer a good celery.

q: What do you call it when a Jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight?
a: Make up sex.

q: Are you all allright?
a: No, you are all left

q: What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a healthy dog have in common?
a: 84% of their dna 

q: How do you fuck with a Redditor?
a: [deleted]

q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
a: Nothing! They just WAVED. SEA what I did there? I'm SHORE you did. Let MINNOW if you are not getting it. SHELL I continue?? No?.. I guess I'll stop WHALE I'm ahead. Thanks ladies and gentlefish

q: Why don't the polls like Donald Trump?
a: Because he wants to send them back to Poland

q: How many men does it take to open a beer?
a: None, the beer should be open by the time she has brought it to you.

q: #who ya gonna call?
a: Admit it, your mind said 

q: What do you call a couple of asses in an asparagus patch?
a: Ass pair I guess... EDIT: Wow! Reddit Gold and Front Page! Thank you everyone, I will continue my new dream career of writing jokes on my commute to work! I love you all!

q: Whats does a fisherman and a teen have in common?
a: They both fiddle with a rod

q: How do you disappoint a Redditor?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call 2000 mockingbirds?
a: Two kilomockingbirds  (credit goes to my old physics book)

q: How do you call the social media that your grandmother uses?
a: Instagran

q: Which color is the coldest?
a: gundy

q: What do ants drink?
a: Tea. It's an ant tea joke.

q: What's the difference between a dog and a fox?
a: About 20 beers!!

q: Why doesn't the governments care about their citizens?
a: Because fuck you,  that's why!

q: What do you call it when your water breaks and you can't get ahold of the midwife?
a: A midwife crisis.

q: What did Edgar Allen Poe name his cat?
a: Poepurry

q: Why do tailors hate statisticians?
a: They   insist that the fit could be better.

q: What do cancer and Donald Trump have in common?
a: Cancer always wins.

q: Do you know why Polish girls don't like vibrates?
a: It chips their teeth.

q: Did you hear about the Polish Wolfhound?
a: It got caught in a trap chewed off three legs and was still trapped.

q: What's a Russian leader's favorite food?
a: Vladimir Poutine.

q: Why does Trump actually want to lose the election?
a: He will have to move in a smaller house in a black neighbourhood

q: What do you call a day when all jokes on this sub are re-posts?
a: EVERYDAY !!

q: Why did the pig go into the kitchen?
a: Because he felt like BACON!

q: Question: what's Erdogan's favorite puzzle game?
a: Answer: pseudo-coup (say it out loud)

q: How do you fit 5,000 Jews into a Volkswagen?
a: Two in the front, three in the back and the rest in the ashtray.

q: What is the worst part of being black and jewish?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What do anime ghosts say to scare people?
a: Weeaboo

q: What's green and not heavy?
a: Light green

q: A crab, a tuna, a lobster, and a Chinese man being run over by a steam roller. What doesn't belong?
a: The Tuna, since all of the others are crushedasians.

q: What do Catholic priests and the Zika Virus have in common?
a: They both give kids a little head.

q: Why did the woman throw the stick of butter out the window?
a: To watch the butterfly

q: How do you stop a lawyer from drowning?
a: Shoot before he hits the water.

q: What do you get when you mix a rhinoceros with an elephant?
a: Elephino...

q: How would Donald Trump declare war on other countries?
a: "You're fired." 

q: What do you give to an elephant who suffering from diarrhea?
a: Space.

q: Why does the Pope keep his underwear on while bathing?
a: Because he doesn't like looking down on the unemployed. First to ever post this joke here, yay!

q: What's the difference between racism and the chinese people?
a: Racism has many faces...

q: What kind of cheese is made backwards?
a: Edam.

q: What is the best way to stop a politician?
a: A really strong gust of wind.

q: What is the worst thing you could hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job?
a: "I'm not really Willie Nelson"

q: Why do blacks believe in Jesus?
a: Because that's the only Father they know.

q: Did you hear the guy who wrote the Friends theme song committed suicide?
a: No one told him life was gonna be this way.

q: What did the Bulbasaur say to the Charmander?
a: "Bulbasaur!!"

q: Did you hear about the new Miley Cyrus/Donald Trump collaboration project?
a: They're calling it "Make America Gyrate Again" - it's all about putting people back to twerk.

q: What's purple and sequels?
a: A skinned baby in a bag of salt. *squeals

q: What does Miss Frizzle say when she's orgasming?
a: Oh God I'm cumming!

q: What do you call a spinning potato?
a: A ro-tater.

q: What would be Jesus' favorite gun?
a: ... A nail gun

q: How does NASA organize a party?
a: They planet.

q: What did the man say after Michael Jackson stole his coat?
a: Hey that's mycoat Jackson!

q: Which playing card can turn its hand to everything?
a: Jack of all Spades

q: What's pansexual, ungendered, and a shapeshifter?
a: Energy!

q: What do you call a paraplegic with an incurable STD?
a: Roll-aids. 

q: Why did Ramsay Bolton clone the Nazi Angel of Death 19 times after reincarnating him?
a: Because he wanted twenty good Meng.

q: What do necrophiliacs and alcoholics have in common?
a: They both like to crack open a cold one

q: Have you ever tried sky diving without a parachute?
a: It's a once in a lifetime experience 

q: Did you Know this fact about Einstein?
a: He was alive before he died.

q: Which country has a drug-addicted king?
a: Hyrule.

q: What do you call a man holding a machine gun?
a: Sir

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound Station and a crab with big boobs?
a: One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.

q: What kind of tree has the best bark?
a: A dogwood

q: Did you hear the one about the subatomic particle that refused to pay the bus fare?
a: It just lepton.

q: Why did the man commit suicide?
a: To get to the other side 

q: Where do dancers put their empty sodas?
a: In the can-can can can.

q: If Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump both get in a plane accident, who survives?
a: America

q: You're scared of pedophiles?
a: Grow up. 

q: If you are an American in the living room, what are you in the bathroom?
a: You're peein'

q: What's the difference between USB and USA?
a: One connects to all your devices and access your data, one connects to all your devices and access your data.

q: What's the similarity between Chris Brown being released and Pokemon Go being released?
a: An increase in battery cases.

q: How can you tell if an envelope is gay?
a: It comes in the mail.

q: Why didn't the mobsters car parts fit?
a: ...they all fell off a truck.

q: what do you call a female chihuahua in a salt flat?
a: X. Because he (or she) is a salty little bitch

q: How did the handyman feel after going to the bar?
a: He was hammered.

q: What do you call a bar in Star Wars?
a: A space bar. 

q: How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Three. One to pay a Mexican to do it, two to deport him afterwards.

q: What did Jesus say to the man with leprocy?
a: OOPS! GOT YOUR NOSE!

q: Why Is Six Afraid Of Seven?
a: Because Seven Ate Nine!! Holy shit lmfao.

q: What is Jesus's favorite gun?
a: A nail gun.

q: If men call short women "petite", what do women call short men?
a: "friends"

q: How did Napoleon eat his chicken?
a: HE PULLED THE BONESAPART! Lol and a rock for yuhhhhh!

q: Why are E.T.'s eyes so big?
a: He saw the phone bill.

q: What do they call brassieres in Germany?
a: Holdzemfromfloppen

q: First transgender woman--Danielle Boone?
a: Daniel Boone WAS a man . . .

q: Have you heard that joke about pussy?
a: I would tell it, but I don't get it.

q: Why do I feel so empty?
a: And where the hell is my butt-plug?

q: How many Suh Dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. It's already lit fam. 

q: What did the male telescope say to the hot female telescope?
a: HUBBLE HUBBLE!

q: What is Po's (Kung Fu Panda) dominant colour?
a: White because his father returned.

q: How are Clinton scandals like Pokmon?
a: You'll never catch 'em all! 

q: Why are millennials so odd?
a: Because they just can't even 

q: Why are Saudi Arabians so clueless?
a: They're all living under Iraq

q: Why are hearing impaired people so orgasmic?
a: Come again?

q: Why do dogs lick their dick?
a: Because they can

q: What did one tampon say to the other?
a: Nothing, they are both stuck up cunts.

q: Why couldn't the Italian man start his car?
a: ...gnocchi

q: What N word do you not want to call a black man?
a: Neighbor

q: How are Jimmy Carter and the Long Island Railroad the same?
a: They both pull out of Roslyn every morning at 8:15.

q: What do you call a shart?
a: Woopsie Poopsie :) 

q: What do you call a mean dust storm?
a: Darude - Sandstorm

q: What's the difference between me and a Jew?
a: I sing in the shower.

q: Why cant Gingers make shoes?
a: They wouldn't have a sole. 

q: What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach?
a: Flop-Flops :)

q: When does money fall from the sky?
a: When there is a change in weather  Forgive me

q: Why was the cannibal sad at dinner?
a: Because he got the cold shoulder.

q: Why do Cows have Hooves instead of Feet?
a: Because they Lac-Tose.

q: Did you know Albert Einstein had a kid? And that kids name was...?
a: Albert Einstein.

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?
a: None Edit: Repost

q: What's big, black, and red all over?
a: Harambe. 

q: What's a Southeastern Asian business professional's favorite food?
a: Tie food

q: How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome?
a: You pull down its genes! 

q: Why did the trigonometric function go to the tanning salon?
a: Cos sin tan (Because suntan)

q: What's a Jew's most hated pokemon?
a: Ghastly.

q: Whats the difference between a Snowman and a SnowWoman?
a: Snowballs!

q: Why are tennis equipment factories so loud?
a: Because everyone's making a racket.

q: what do you call an Irish man sitting in his garden?
a: Paddy O'Furniture.

q: Why does Hillary Clinton wear so much makeup?
a: To cover up Bill's jizz

q: Teacher: why do I hear talking?
a: Black kid: because you got ears you dumb ass b*tch.

q: What is the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
a: One goes   "Shit!" and the other goes "Shit!" 

q: What do you call a drunk muslim woman?
a: Stoned.

q: What's the worst part about eating out an 80 year old?
a: Depends

q: Why is Jesus black?
a: Because he's our father, and still hasn't come back yet....

q: Did you here about the circus fire?
a: It was in tents. 

q: Ever hear about the Roman general who had a fit every time there was cold weather?
a: Hail.. seizure

q: What does a vegetarian hunter say before dinner?
a: "Lettuce prey"

q: How are strippers and Subway workers similar?
a: They'll both lie and tell you it's a footlong to get paid.

q: What type of weather has the worst attitude?
a: Darude - Sandstorm

q: What's the definition of endless love?
a: Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.

q: What do you call a Chinese millionaire?
a: Cha Ching

q: Why does Bernie always hold the podium while giving a speech?
a: It's tough to stand on your own when you have no spine.

q: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump get into a car crash, who survives?
a: America

q: What do you call the soft tissue between a shark's teeth?
a: The slow swimmer.

q: What do somolian pirates use as weapons?
a: Arrrrpg's

q: What do you call a blonde, balding teenager?
a: Leukemia Skywalker.

q: How do you know the Japanese mass murderer was a chef?
a: He spent his day cutting up vegetables 

q: Why don't rabbits like beer?
a: Because it messes with their hops

q: How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A Brazilian.

q: Why do White Supremists call this month "The Holocaust"?
a: Because it's just another Jew Lie (The Holocaust is real and this is just a joke)

q: What's a pedophile's favorite shoe?
a: White Vans 

q: What do I need a girlfriend for?
a: When the Reddit servers are ready to go down on me anytime?

q: What are mixed feelings?
a: Watching your mother-in-law backing up towards the edge of a cliff in your new BMW.

q: What do you call a person with a Simpsons fetish?
a: Homer-sexual

q: What's the heaviest soup?
a: One ton soup.

q: I don't know Why people called me racist?
a: I am good with money like Jews are. I have squinty eyes like asians have. I love fried chicken like black people does.

q: What's one thing a girl can tell a guy that can make him happy and sad at the same time?
a: Out of all of your friends you have the biggest dick. 

q: Why doesn't Hitler run a marathon?
a: Because he can't finish a race.

q: Why did the toy company stop donating toys to kids in Africa?
a: Because it's pretty depressing to have a Tamagotchi that'll out-live you.

q: What is a Mexican's favorite FPS?
a: Borderlands.

q: Why cant orphans play baseball?
a: They cant find their home

q: Why is Alabama the smartest state?
a: Because it has four A's and one B. 

q: What did the feminist say when she saw a guy laughing at her picture on the Internet?
a: "Topical meme." 

q: Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill first thing in the morning?
a: She wants to be the first lady.

q: How many chains does it take to enslave a black person in the twenty-first century?
a: Two Chainz.

q: Why did the hipster burn his mouth?
a: He sipped his drink before it was cool

q: Why did the mafia boss get banned from the aquarium?
a: He was sleeping with the fishes.

q: Why do people from Istanbul always swim?
a: Because they're constant in a pool.

q: What do you call Bruce Lee's mom when she's making obvious statements?
a: A parent, Lee.

q: What did the icecream truck say to the hipster?
a: I was a food truck before it was cool.

q: What does a bodybuilder do while waiting in a long line?
a: Weights

q: Why should you always accept free cocaine?
a: Because they're pretty hard drugs to come by

q: Why did the hunter scold his blonde wife after she shot a moose over quota?
a: Cause when he asked her why she shot it, she replied: "I asked it what it was before I shot. But that cow wasn't gonna fool me!"

q: What's the difference between an engineer and a prostitute?
a: An engineer makes a lot of fucking money, whereas a prostitute could make a lot of money fucking.

q: What is the big hairy thing between Napoleon's legs?
a: His horse Marengo

q: what do you call a fish with no eye?
a: Fush

q: Every Woman has a V, What am I?
a: I start with a v and every woman has one. She can even use me to get what she wants. What am I? I'll post the answer in 10 minutes.

q: Q: Why are Republicans always so strung up about 9/11?
a: A: Elephants never forget.

q: Why is there only a stairway to heaven but a highway to hell?
a: Easy.  More traffic is going to hell.

q: What is Donald Trump's favourite Olympics event?
a: Fencing.

q: What does a man call a gorilla he loves?
a: Haram Bae

q: What drug does the lord use to get work done?
a: God speed.

q: What do you call someone who has a long experience in treating animals, but has no umbrella?
a: A wet vet vet.

q: What do you call a car that you only drive in the fall?
a: An autumn-mobile.

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why can't Jesus eat pizza?
a: Because he doesn't exist.

q: What sits in the kitchen and gets smaller and smaller?
a: A baby combing its hair with an apple peeler

q: Why don't Americans like their dollar coin?
a: They're afraid of change.

q: What happened to the performer who read poetry to terminally ill patients?
a: He suffered an elegiac reaction.

q: Why did Uhuru get mad?
a: Because William Shatner.

q: What's the difference between a slab of meat and someone who hates high school students?
a: One's protein, the other's anti-teen.

q: Why did Muhammad cross the road?
a: Because he had the right of way.

q: Why are most cemeteries fenced in?
a: Because everyone is dying to get in

q: Why couldn't the Sailor steal other peoples work?
a: It was Pirated.

q: What do you call a group of bankers?
a: A Wunch

q: How did Pavlov keep his dogs so fluffy?
a: He used conditioner on them. 

q: What do you call a nun in space?
a: Dead.

q: What are the three rings of marriage?
a: The first one is the engagement ring...the second one is the wedding ring...and the third one is the suffering.

q: Why is a horny walrus the same as a Tupperware enthusiast?
a: They're both looking for a tight seal

q: How do you know whether somebody is a vegan?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: Why was the distracted man fired from his job at the distillery?
a: Because he couldn't concentrate 

q: What's a Norwegian's favourite car?
a: A Fjord Fjesta

q: Why couldn't the watermelon get married in Vegas?
a: Because his fiancee is a cantaloupe!

q: What does a redneck say after sex?
a: Thanks, sis.

q: What N-word do you never want to call a black man?
a: Neighbor! 

q: What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: An epileptic cornhusker shucks between fits. 

q: How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Fish

q: What do you call a man with no shins?
a: Tony.

q: What is the best time to watch Predator?
a: Anytiiiiiiiiiime

q: What'd the muslim say when he walked into the gay bar?
a: Shots for everyone!

q: How do you want it die?
a: Personally, i want to go out as my grandpa. Peacefully in his sleep. Unlike his passengers, screaming and crying.

q: How many indie kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: none because There is A Light That Never Goes Out.

q: I didn't who created the app...Pokemon GO?
a: More like Pokemon GO to the poll.

q: Why did the customer choose T-Mobile?
a: Because he wanted the worst cellphone service in the world.

q: Where do bourgeois monarchists get their coffee?
a: Tsarbucks

q: What's the fastest drink in the world ?
a: Sonic the eggnog.

q: Who are the biggest nay-sayers on Earth?
a: Horses

q: What type of cow produces both milk and potatos?
a: Your Mother. 

q: Why did Ben seem so down?
a: Because he has down syndrome

q: Donald trump, Hillary and Black hole, what do they all have in common?
a: They all Suck

q: Genderfluid?
a: I just call that semen

q: What's the phrase for when a bird spills a drink?
a: Party fowl.

q: Which pirate makes the best food?
a: Captain Cook.

q: What's the difference between an archeologists convention and a basketball team?
a: The archeologists convention is a nerdy bunch of diggers.

q: Did you hear about the Spanish Perfume?
a: "For hispanic and for herspanic"

q: How do you make Donald Trump lose weight?
a: Have Vladimir Putin take laxatives.

q: What's better than a hot 29 year old?
a: 20 hot 9 year olds.

q: Why are American police officers so bad at snooker?
a: They always shoot the black 

q: Why do people point at their wrist when asking for the time?
a: Do I point at my crotch when I ask where the toilet is?

q: Why do SJW Women close their eyes during sex?
a: They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.

q: What do you call someone that steals shoes?
a: A sneaker.

q: What do you call a Japanese woman who enjoys sex?
a: A MISTAKE!!!

q: How do you get four gay men to fit on a barstool?
a: Turn it upside down!

q: Where does Phil Collins record all of his music?
a: The stu-stu-studio.

q: How do you know when Vladimir Putin has a cold?
a: Donald Trump sneezes.

q: what do you call it when a mathematician does a magic trick?
a: mathgic

q: joe. joe who?
a: Joe mama

q: What do you say when a corrupt Soviet takes a bathroom break right before war?
a: Now you're just Stallin.

q: What do women in the Middle East and Millennials have in common?
a: If they go to college, they'll probably get stoned.

q: What do you award to someone who comments in a thread from a month ago?
a: Reddit Old

q: What do you call a mushroom that likes to party?
a: A Fungi!

q: What's the name of the strongest duck out there?
a: PSYtama.

q: Why didn't Noah let the Tasmanian devil in?
a: He was not an archdevil.

q: What do they teach in ISIS business school?
a: Execution is everything. 

q: What do you call a shipping crate full of snails?
a: Escargot.

q: What do Pokemon Go and Tinder have in common?
a: Both give you a good chance of catching something 

q: Where do you find dragon milk?
a: Short legged cows

q: What is Hitler's favourite animal?
a: Adolphin

q: What has 90 balls and screws old women?
a: Bingo!

q: Why did the redneck cross the road?
a: Because his dick was still in the chicken.

q: Have you ever wondered why Aspirin is white?
a: It's because it works!

q: Did you hear about the guy with no penis?
a: He just comes out of nowhere.

q: Did you know Japanese goddess Izanami was a Nazi?
a: Just read her name backwards!

q: How do you make someone shit easier?
a: Make them think about Donald Trump

q: How do you kill a troll?
a: Take away its internet access.

q: How many super saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Find out next time, on Dragon Ball Z!

q: What would a Scotsman call a mountain which is on the moon?
a: A moon-tain. 

q: What's the best way to turn a pussy into a dick?
a: Give it a badge. 

q: What happens when you leave 50 lesbians and 50 lawyers in a room?
a: You end up with 100 people who don't do dick

q: What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake?
a: Get off me, homes. 

q: This morning I ran into Hitler. I was very surprised to see him and asked him what he was up to?
a: He said "This time I am going to kill 6 million Jews and two clowns!" "Two Clowns? Why are you going to kill two clowns?" "See? Nobody cares about zee Jews."

q: What do you call two old black men standing in a shed?
a: Antique machinery

q: What is the difference between a toad and a horny toad?
a: A toad says rib-it, rib-it. A horny toad says rub-it, rub-it.

q: What has TWO wings, and ONE arrow?
a: A Chinese telephone.   Wing wing.  Arrow? 

q: Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach?
a: Because they'll get sand in their schlitz. 

q: Yo girl, are you a zero APR loan?
a: Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.

q: What did one sheep say to the other?
a: Hey look, we have the same IPhone case

q: What do you call a horny dog???
a: Nothing. So he doesn't come...

q: What's the best part about Dragon Ball Z?
a: Find out in the next episode of Dragon! Ball! Z!

q: Why did the pig stop sunbathing?
a: He was bacon in the heat.

q: What's the most commonly heard phrase in a gay bar?
a: May I push your stool in.

q: What's yellow and sleeps alone?
a: Yoko Ono

q: What is Serena Williams' favorite time to practice?
a: Tennish

q: An art thief gets caught after a heist, how so?
a: Many people saw his Van Gogh from the scene of the crime.

q: Why are Mexicans so nosy?
a: Because they're jalapeo business.

q: Why did the woman fall into the well?
a: She couldn't see that well.

q: What did one DNA say to the other DNA?
a: Do these genes make me look fat?

q: A bard walks up to a bored leprechaun. How many tunes should the bard play?
a: Fortunes.

q: What kind of database does a Pokdex use?
a: PokMongoDB

q: what would happen if all the rattatas died?
a: They would be eraticated

q: What makes for a great relationship but a shit gaming partner?
a: Someone who goes down a lot.

q: What do you do if a gang of clowns attack you?
a: Go for the juggler.

q: What's the difference between pokemon go and my girlfriend?
a: Pokemon go always goes down on me

q: What is the difference between a driveway and rape?
a: I can pull out of my driveway.

q: What is a politician's favorite kind of tea?
a: Infideli-tea.

q: What's Harambe's favourite operating system?
a: UBantu

q: What do you call a gay person from Wisconsin?
a: A Dairy Queen

q: Why do Norse gods never ice skate?
a: Because the ice always Thors.

q: How does Stephen Hawking have sex?
a: Enter, backspace, enter, backspace, enter, backspace...

q: What's the difference between your dad and this joke?
a: This joke will be back someday

q: What are the Greeks forced to eat in their hyper-inflated economy?
a: Euros!

q: Boy: Why is the food so cold and bland?
a: Dad: Because your mother put her heart and soul into it.

q: What do you call a horny Catholic?
a: A firm believer.

q: Why is turkey happy?
a: It just  escaped from a coop.

q: Are you grateful that your pop died?
a: You got a day off school to go to his funeral so why wouldn't you happy about it.

q: What's ET Short for?
a: Because he has little legs.

q: What excuse did the unemployed cellist give for going dutch with his date?
a: He's flat Baroque...

q: What is less Kosher than a bacon wrapped shrimp?
a: A communion wafer

q: What do you call a Thug-Magician?
a: Hoodini I made this one up

q: Why shouldn't you get asylum in Russia?
a: Cuz you'd be snowed-in 

q: How did the dickhead react to his first blowjob?
a: He was mind-blown 

q: Why do we drink Tea?
a: because we can't eat it :/ Have a good night/day everyone.

q: Mary and Abbey who?
a: Knock! Knock! Whos there? Mary and Abbey. Mary and Abbey who? Mary Christmas and Abbey New Year!

q: Did you know about the 6'7" Proctologist who had fight with his patient?
a: He rectum.

q: What do you call a psychic midget that escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: Why did the University of Kentucky have to put AstroTurf down on the stadium?
a: To keep the cheerleaders from grazing at halftime.

q: why dont jewish people like getting made fun of?
a: Because millions of them already got roasted

q: How do you know when you're at a gay picnic?
a: The hot dogs taste like shit.

q: What will Melania Trump say to mexicans if her husband becomes president?
a: Hello from the other side.

q: Why did the boat dock with the all of the other boats?
a: Pier Pressure

q: Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella?
a: For Drizzle.

q: Why don't they play poker in the jungle?
a: Too many cheetahs.

q: What do you call a nun in a wheel chair?
a: Virgin mobile 

q: What's the funniest thing you have heard about US Politics?
a: Donald Trump, President of the United States of America

q: Do you know why Friday are always hot?
a: Because its Fry-day.

q: Why did the agnostic chicken cross the road?
a: There wasn't enough evidence to find out for sure. 

q: What do a dog and a nearsighted gynecologist have in common?
a: A wet nose.

q: Why did the Jonestown jokes never catch on?
a: The punchlines were too long.

q: Who's the fastest cyclist in the world?
a: Chris Vroom

q: Knock, knock. Who's there? Alan Rickman and David Bowie. Alan Rickman and David Bowie who?
a: Alan Rickman and David Bowie have both died recently.

q: What is a Mexicans closing sales pitch?
a: Kay-so-deal-a?

q: Did you hear Cyan delayed the release of Obduction again?
a: Apparently they myst some deadlines.

q: What is the longest movie of all time?
a: 8 mile

q: What's worse than having 10 dead babies stapled to one tree?
a: 1 dead baby stapled to 10 trees.

q: Can you name all the dissimilarities between men and women?
a: I can't either, but I'm sure there's a vas deferens.

q: What makes a USPS joke funny?
a: The delivery.

q: How many Kardashians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one as the rest of the world simply MUST revolve around them...

q: What did the Afghani immigrant say when he got a new truck?
a: Nice. 

q: Why was the 45 year old businessman losing his hair?
a: He has cancer.

q: What does a muslim say when he makes a mistake?
a: Allahu Mybad

q: Why can't a terrorist tell a joke?
a: They always bomb the punchline!

q: What makes a fencing post extra funny?
a: When it's a riposte.

q: What do you call a guy in a wheelchair?
a: Whatever you like, what's he going to do about it anyway?

q: What makes a fencing joke extra funny?
a: When it is a riposte

q: Did you hear about the stand-up comedian that joined ISIS?
a: He bombed.

q: What did Jon Snow drink with the wildlings to celebrate a battle victory?
a: Ginger ale.  

q: What do you think of Theresa May?
a: I'm more of a L'Oreal fan

q: Did you hear about the greedy red bird?
a: It was a cardinal sinner.

q: What's the one thing Spider-Man can't eat?
a: Uncle Ben's rice

q: What does a teenage southern girl say while having sex?
a: Get off me Daddy! You're crushing my cigarettes!

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews?
a: Santa goes   the chimney. 

q: What's the simplest way to make edibles?
a: Using an easy-bake oven. 

q: Why does it take artists so long to charge their phones?
a: They only like to use "creative outlets"

q: Where do suicide bombers go after an explosion?
a: Everywhere

q: Have you guys heard of the unsolved Riemann Hypothesis?
a: I am sure they will find the answer, sum-where.

q: Why did the console peasant cross the road ?
a: To render buildings on the other side

q: What's a priest's favorite type of rock?
a: Pummus.

q: Why don't the police protest against BLM?
a: Because they have jobs.

q: What did a bad teacher tell their wisecracking student?
a: Don't get smart with me.

q: What do you call a pig sitting on a hog?
a: Usually they prefer to be called "officer"

q: Who's the greatest baller of all time?
a: Pontius Pilate, he once crossed a guy up so bad he died

q: What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries?
a: Some will know this some won't  It's a towel xD 

q: How do you know a neighborhood is too ghetto to film in?
a: If most people leave before shooting starts.

q: Whats more bruised than an old apple?
a: My asshole after a night with Caitlyn Jenner

q: Who is fattest person alive?
a: Bert Chrysler.

q: Has this one ever been used? Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
a: Because he was chicken.   Alright.

q: What type of cheese is not yours?
a: Nacho cheese!!!

q: Two Pokmon players run right into each other, what does the one say to the other?
a: This is Onixceptable. 

q: Did you hear about the woman who beat Usain Bolt?
a: Turns out it was race related.

q: Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz ?
a: It saves so much time.

q: What do martial artist love to drink?
a: WATAAA

q: Where is the best vision in Oklahoma?
a: OKC.

q: How do Vaginas Like Their Eggs?
a: Ovaries-Ey!

q: What does a pornstar use to build a wall?
a: With Sement

q: What did the zero say to the eight?
a: Nice belt.

q: Whats the difference between a dog and a fox?
a: About 8 pints

q: Why did Tupac go to the gym?
a: To get a sixpac! (Thank you 7th grade me)

q: Why is Pokemon Go Banned in Saudi Arabia?
a: Because not all Pokemon know selfdestruct.

q: What do you call mustard that's not very hot?
a: Air condijoned. I'll see myself out.

q: What do you call a magic dog?
a: Labracadabrador.

q: How does a Redditor greet a woman from Kuala Lumpur?
a: M'alaydy

q: How do ducks pay off loans?
a: With their bills!

q: What do you call the surveillance system that watches us all whilst we are in the bathroom?
a: the panoptijohn

q: Q: Why have all these complete strangers started to poke around outside my window?
a: A: They wanna peek-a-chu.

q: Why did Hitler cover his eyes?
a: So he could Nazi. 

q: what do you call 5 Asians, a Mexican, and an expletive?
a: A water sprinkler. Chink chink chink chink chink spic shiiiiiiit.

q: What planet would have the highest Indian population?
a: Mer-cury

q: Why couldn't Jesus eat M&M's?
a: because of the holes in his hands 

q: Why does salt melt snow?
a: Because when your salty you melt down in tears.

q: What's the difference between me and your mom?
a: Your mom hasn't had sex with your mom.

q: What do you call a budget that's cut short from the middle?
a: A midget. 

q: What do you call an equation with no solution?
a: A hypocrite.

q: What's the difference between a snow man and a snow woman?
a: Snow balls

q: What's Anne Frank's martial art style?
a: Jew jitsu

q: What do you call a sad elk?
a: Lachry-moose

q: What did Melania Trump say to her speech writer?
a: Thanks, Obama.

q: Cop: Sir, have you been drinking?
a: Driver:   Cop: Sir, did you just throw a hamster at my head?

q: How many babies does it take to paint a wall?
a: It depends how hard you throw.

q: What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer?
a: Ash

q: What does Brian Johnson say on the beach?
a: I see the sea...

q: Which part of a vegetable is the hardest to chew?
a: The wheelchair

q: Did you hear about the brake pedal who had to leave his job?
a: He had to stop when he got depressed

q: How do you tell the difference between a perv and a misogynist?
a: One has a foot fetish and the other has a foot binding fetish.

q: What did the doctor say when he delivered a blonde-haired baby to an expecting Chinese couple?
a: Two Wongs don't make a white

q: What do you call a golf club in the rear of your car?
a: A backseat driver

q: Why can't the cop stop beating his meat when the lights are off?
a: Because it looks black

q: What's strong enough for a man but made for a women?
a: The back of my hand.

q: What's your best two line joke?
a: Well, this blew up! I just wanted a laugh while having to work on a Sunday and you guys sure delivered! Damn you guys are funny. I'm gonna steal every damn one of these jokes. Edit: Some website posted your jokes and it's being circulated all over the facebooks and what-not

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and a beaner?
a: A few letters.

q: Why are fire engines red?
a: You would be too if you were running down the road with your hose hanging out!

q: What's the last thing you want to hear when you're giving a blow job to Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."

q: What's the difference between a black man and a nigger?
a: A black man runs the electronics store you bought your new TV from. A nigger runs with the TV you just bought from that electronics store. Edit: Wow! this post blew up!

q: What happens when the White House runs out of eggs?
a: Obama issues an eggsecutive order.

q: What is the only word in an English dictionary spelled incorrectly?
a: Incorrectly is the only word spelled  I n c o r r e c t l y

q: Who's an all male rock group that doesn't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore.    

q: How are ghosts and smart trump supporters similar?
a: They don't exist!

q: How do you circumcise Donald Trump?
a: Kick his Daughter in the jaw.

q: What do nine out of ten people enjoy?
a: A gangbang.

q: What do you do if your GF is having siezures in the bathtub?
a: Throw in your laundry.

q: Mommy, why were you bouncing on Daddy's belly last night?
a: Mom: "Because his belly has become fat recently, and I need to help him lose weight." Boy: "But that won't work." Mom: "Why not?" Boy: "Because the babysitter keeps blowing him back again."

q: What do you get when you mix triangles with Tumblr?
a: Trigger-Nometry

q: How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Well one to screw in the bulb and other to holds the cock... father! LADDER!

q: Why do Democrats like to play Pokemon?
a: They've always enjoyed rounding up Japanese monsters.

q: What do astronauts put on their toast?
a: Space Jam.

q: Why do white people shop from black people's yard sales?
a: To get their stuff back. 

q: What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
a: A bad golfer goes   "Damn!" A bad skydiver goes "Damn!" 

q: What is a thing that Alan Rickman and David Bowie both have in common?
a: It is that they have both recently become deceased. 

q: What do earth scientists look at on their lunch breaks?
a: Cleavage.

q: What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub?
a: Laundry.

q: What do Germans and acetone have in common?
a: They are both good at removing the Polish!

q: How many dead babies does it take to paint a wall?
a: Depends on how hard you can throw them.

q: Whats the opposite of irony?
a: Wrinkly. 

q: How do you make a tutu?
a: You put tu and tu together.

q: What happened?
a: A passerby saw a man laid flat on the sidewalk in front of the local beauty shop and ran to offer assistance. As the man came blinking into consciousness, the passerby asked, What happened? The man rubbed the back of his head and said, I dont know! Last thing I remember, my wife was coming out of the salon there and I said, Well, at least they tried.

q: What does Melania disagree with Donald on?
a: Anchor babes.

q: How many Mexicans will make it across the border when Trump becomes president?
a: Juan in a million.

q: What does Ray Charles' fictious girlfriend and this joke have in common?
a: They're both gold-diggers

q: What happens when an illiterate insect becomes enlightened?
a: ABCs

q: How many Greek Catholic monks does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: a Basilian.

q: Why does Melanina disagree with Donald over Obamacare?
a: Because she can't be denied coverage for pre-existing speeches

q: How do we know that Jesus wasn't born in Mexico?
a: Because he'd never have been able to find 3 wise men and a virgin.

q: What happens if now discovered the truth: Female are XY, Male is XX?
a: I think, women will be beaten men, hehe

q: Skips or Quavers?
a: I prefer Skips to Quavers. You can't dump a body in a Quaver.

q: What did the black intellectual name her twins?
a: Entendre and....Entendre!

q: Why do americans like to visit Rome so much?
a: Because it reminds them of home.

q: What do you call a dog in a submarine?
a: A subwoofer 

q: Why do terrorists hate wine?
a: Because there are too many zinfandel's.

q: Why does Donald Trump keep putting on weight?
a: He is always high on himself.

q: Who is the most mobile painter?
a: Porto-MONET

q: Why does Trump take Viagra?
a: To be taller!

q: What did Iron Man call his cat?
a: FeLine

q: How many graphic designers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Does it have to be a light bulb? 'Cause I had this other idea...

q: What language do birds speak?
a: Squackhili

q: What's the best way to stop a German train?
a:  them nicely.

q: What do you call an army of corn?
a: The Musket - ears

q: Ever heard of the comedian who died gasping for air after his routine?
a: He joked to death.

q: What type of wine does a gay connoisseur love?
a: Pinos.

q: How long does it take to sail from Dorne to Mereen?
a: It Varys.

q: Why do nerds masturbate with one hand?
a: because they type with another...

q: How many dead babies does it take to paint a room?
a: Depends on how you throw (idk if this is a repost)

q: What do you call cows that are best friends?
a: Brovines.

q: What do you call a artist with a rash?
a: Leonardo Da Itchy 

q: What's the difference between former House Speakers Hastert and Pelosi?
a: Pelosi helped little boys. Hastert banged little boys.

q: What do you call a scary horse?
a: A night-mare.

q: Why can't trump comb his own hair?
a: His hands are too small to hold a comb

q: What's the most popular occupation in Italy?
a: Pastatution.

q: What do you call a group of Chlamydia bacteria?
a: An applause....

q: What do you call a confusing sharp pain in the ass immediately after a break up?
a: An ex or cist?

q: How do you pay a bartender?
a: With bar tender.

q: Why is a laundromat a bad place to pick up women?
a: Because if she can't afford a washer and dryer, she will never be able to support your broke ass...

q: Why did the Indian girl suffer so much when she broke her leg?
a: She was in the wrong cast.

q: What does Pingu say when he feels suicidal?
a: Noose Noose

q: What's a Muslim's favorite TV show?
a: It's always sunni in Philadelphia 

q: How many "friend-zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.

q: How do people in other countries tell if kids are using drugs?
a: Here in the U.S. we just ask them how many grams are in an ounce.

q: What do you call a hatred for large plants?
a: Bigotree

q: What is the advantage that Mexican workers have over everyone else?
a: Their "Senor"ity!

q: What do you call a good looking girl in Wisconsin?
a: A Tourist!

q: How many offensive jokes are needed to make people butthurt?
a: None, they're already butthurt.

q: What kind of bug bites only at your feet?
a: Mosqui-toes

q: How are women and airplanes alike?
a: They both have cockpits. 

q: What do nuns use for skincare?
a: Extra virgin oil.

q: How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One. Just because she's dead doesn't mean she can't still screw.

q: What's the difference between a pack of pygmies and a female cross-country team?
a: One is a bunch of cunning runts and the other is...

q: what would you call superman if he was deaf and mexican?
a: No hero

q: Why did Sally fall off her swing?
a: Because she had no arms

q: Why would you wear two pairs of pants while golfing?
a: You might get a hole in one.

q: Why don't many customers go to the tea house?
a: Because the prices are so steep

q: Where did the cantaloupe go for summer vacation?
a: John Cougar Mellencamp

q: Why did no gay people go on the mission to colonize Mars' moons?
a: Too many homophobos.

q: Why couldn't Hitler fly a plane?
a: Because he could Nazi very well.

q: Why was the naturists wedding delayed?
a: The ring bearer had an erection.

q: How many Deadheads does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just watch it burn out and follow it around for 30 years.

q: (very dark) what's the difference between jews and boy scouts?
a: the boy scouts return home from the camp

q: How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.?
a: Three. One to screw it in and the second to take credit for it. And the other to repeat it.

q: Did you hear that new joke about /r/news?
a: [removed]

q: How many virgins does take to change a lightbulb?
a: Obviously more than 72, or all those suicide bomber would have seen the light.

q: Why did the man kidnap 100 children and kill 10 of them?
a: So that only 90 kids will remember.

q: What happens if you try to sit on Death's couch?
a: There will be grim reaper cushions

q: What's the difference between onions and your mother-in-law?
a: You don't cry when chopping your mother-in-law.

q: Which country has many spaces to put your car in?
a: Park-istan!

q: What U.S. state was founded by Muslims?
a: Allah-bama

q: Why do priests like little boys?
a: Because it's easy to inject the seed of religion in  them.  Be gentle pls

q: Q1: what is a Jehovah's witness's favorite spice?
a: Q2: what is a pornstar's favorite spice? A: cumin, obviously 

q: Ever heard a good joke about sodium?
a: Na

q: What's the best airline to fly around the Seven Kingdoms ?
a: Southwesteros

q: Why did the chicken knock knock?
a: Q - Why did the chicken cross the road? A - To see the idiot across the street. Q - Knock knock. (Who's there?) A - The chicken.

q: What's the newest fitness craze sweeping American police forces?
a: Lead injections. 

q: If Valentine's Day is for couples, what day is for single men?
a: Palm Sunday.  First time posting, please be gentle. 

q: What does Donald Trump call the space between his balls and his butthole?
a: The Bridge. It connects his courage to his ideas.

q: How many French words has the Turkish language recently adopted?
a: Beaucoup.

q: Why would Keemstar make a good NFL cornerback?
a: He's really good at swatting.

q: Why can't redditors sew?
a: Because the thread has been locked by a moderator

q: What did Helen Keller say after she finished her bowl of cereal for breakfast?
a: I may be blind, but I can see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.

q: What's the difference between a Pokemon Go player and a Facebook user??
a: Pokemon Go players are only wasting their own time ;)

q: How did worchestershire sauce get it's name?
a: Someone gave some to a cajun and he said "whus dis here sauce"

q: Is 1+1 hard to calculate?
a: It's not complex at all, right?

q: Why can't any of John Cena's opponents see him?
a: Because he keeps giving them the Five-Knuckle Shuffle.

q: Why Did The Alcoholic Comedian Quit Performing?
a: He couldn't handle the boos.

q: You know whats sweeter than the sound of children playing and laughing?
a: The sound of fucking silence!  Now shut the fuck up! My show is on.

q: Whats so great about banging 26 year olds?
a: There's 20 of em

q: What's the difference between a kid and a joke?
a: A kid can joke but a joke cannot kid.

q: What's the difference between Muslim children and black children?
a: The reason why their father doesn't come home

q: A capitalist is a man with capital. What is a racing car owner called?
a: Racist

q: Have you met the one-breasted Queen of the Jungle Retailers?
a: they call her... Amazon Prime

q: Did you know that 1/3 of the KKK is retarded?
a: They're called the Special K

q: Do you charge for circumcisions?
a: No, I only take tips

q: What has 16 balls and 3 pubic hairs?
a: A sleepover at Michael Jacksons house

q: What did the sheep use to shave before his wedding?
a: Elopping shears

q: Did you hear about the sarcastic washing machine?
a: It takes the piss out of your knickers.

q: What's the hardest part about winning crossfit?
a: Being 5 foot 6

q: How do you know Tiger Woods is one of the richest people in the world?
a: He plays golf.

q: Wanna hear a Nirvana joke?
a: Nevermind.

q: Why does Mexico never win the Olympics?
a: Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim already left.

q: What's the soft stuff between sharks' teeth?
a: Slow swimmers

q: What's the difference between a Blues musician and a Jazz musician?
a: A blues musician plays 3 chords to audiences of thousands.      A jazz musician plays thousands of chords to audiences of 3

q: How does Dracula eat his food?
a: In   size pieces

q: What was the condiment stand charged with?
a:  with a deadly weapon.

q: How many redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to screw it in and one to take credit for it. 

q: How many fish did it take to kill my ex wife?
a: None, there are no fish under my new gazebo.

q: What do you call a constipated Benedict Cumberbatch?
a: No Shit Sherlock

q: What do you call a greedy Christian?
a: A moreman. 

q: Did you hear about that Mexican train thief?
a: They say he had loco motives. 

q: Whats the difference between a man and a government bond?
a: The bond matures.

q: Why do so many dyslexic vegans move to Dallas?
a: For the Sallad

q: What do you call a big Eastern European sausage?
a: Kielbasa (Often Pronounced Ca-Ba-Sa.)

q: What's better than two roses on your paino?
a: Tulips on your organ. 

q: Why men shop at Costco?
a: Because it's a hoe sale.

q: Why do fish live in salt water?
a: Because pepper makes them sneeze!

q: Where do emos get their gaming gear?
a: Razer.

q: What do you call a humpless camel covered in plastic?
a: Llamanated

q: What has one eye but can't see?
a: A blind man... I'll show myself out... TO SEE YOU BACK NEXT WEEK!!

q: Misty wants to break up, but Ash asked why?
a: Misty: It's not Staryu, it's Starmie

q: What's Red?
a: What's Red but smells like blue paint?  Red Paint

q: What's the first sign of AIDS?
a: A pounding sensation in the ass.

q: What's the difference between broccoli and boogers?
a: Little kids don't eat broccoli 

q: What do you call a gay rubber band?
a: An elasstickle

q: Dad Joke: What did the horse get on his oral exam?
a: A-neigh

q: What do you call Turkey's revolting soldiers?
a: The Coup Clucks Clan. 

q: What's the difference between STD's and Pokemon?
a: I still haven't caught any Pokemon.

q: How does traffic form?
a: My theory is that it is a Protozoa Plankton

q: Where does general keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies. 

q: You know who never looses their work when their computer shuts off abruptly?
a: Jesus. Jesus saves. 

q: Who was the roundest knight at King Arthur's round table?
a: Sir Cumference 

q: What do you call four drowning Mexicans?
a: Cuatro cinco

q: How do you know all Bernie Sanders' supporters are Harry Potter fans?
a: They all dress like Dobby.

q: What do you call a really bad driver in France?
a: A woman.  

q: What did the corn chip say to the battery?
a: If you're Eveready, I'm Frito Lay.

q: How do you get down off of an elephant?
a: You don't, you get down off of a duck.

q: Why are campers so predictable?
a: You know they're in tents.

q: What do you get when you cross an agnostic, insomniac and a dyslexic?
a: Someone who lies awake at night if there really is a dog.

q: What do you call a midget psychic that escapes from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: What do you get when you cross an octopus and a Mexican?
a: I don't know but it can pick the shit out of some lettuce.

q: [Dirty joke] What's red and has 7 bruises?
a: Snow White's cherry.

q: Why did the wee duck hide in the cupboard and give the other wee fuck a fright?
a: For the quak 

q: What does Santa teach his elves?
a: The Elfabet!

q: What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year-old child?
a: Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!

q: Where does a Turkey live?
a: A coup.

q: [OC] Why did Pavlov ring a bell every time a breeze entered his room?
a: Air Conditioning

q: How do you get a Charmander and a Metapod on a train?
a: You poke 'em on. 

q: How do IT technicians prefer to be paid?
a: Cache in hand. 

q: What's the difference between a lorry with good brakes, and a lorry with nice brakes?
a: A Lorry with Nice breaks doesn't stop until after a mile.

q: How do you call a Pokmon GO player in a rye field?
a: The Catcher in the Rye.

q: What is not a truck crashing into people?
a: Nice.

q: What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
a: I can't marmalade my cock in your ass

q: Why wasn't the coup in Turkey on Wednesday?
a: Erdogan's suit wasn't back from the cleaners.

q: Why aren't "Blonde jokes" funny?
a: Cause they're stupid. 

q: What's red and smells like blue paint?
a: Red paint.

q: I escaped the terrorists of Iraq, wanna know how I did it?
a: I ran.

q: Why did the kitchen cross the road?
a: It saw a pikachu across the street.

q: Are your teeth cold?
a: Then why are all your teeth wearing little yellow sweaters?

q: Heard of that new product for removing gum that's stuck in your hair?
a: Chemotherapy

q: What has 9 arms and sucks?
a: Def Leppard

q: What's the difference between a Dove and a Turkey?
a: One has a coo, the other has a coup

q: What did the string say when the rope proposed marriage?
a: "Let's knot."

q: What do you call a homeless caveman?
a: Hobo Erectus

q: What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
a: A carrot.  :

q: What happened when Turkey was accused of being Chicken?
a: It staged a coup

q: What's the best thing about having sex with 25 year olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: Why cant Mexicans smoke joints?
a: They aint ever got any papers

q: Why do dyslexics make bad joke tellers?
a: They always punch up the fuckline

q: During lunch, what did one Soldier say to the other Soldier?
a: Want some Turkey?

q: Why don't nice people ride the train?
a: Because they're usually found on trucks.

q: Why does it suck to be black and Jewish?
a: You have to sit at the back of the furnace. 

q: Price of the GOP ticket?
a: Tuppence.

q: How did Noah get the animals on the ark?
a: He pokmon!

q: 2 gay guys and 2 lesbians are Going to the beach. Who gets there first?
a: The gay guys because they packed their shit the night before.

q: What is one of Austin Growlers's (the bear version of Austin Powers) most-famous catchphrases?
a: Oh bee !

q: What do you call a midget hanging around a crime scene?
a: A little suspect

q: Why are Biblical scholars nervous about Donald Trump's pick for VP?
a: Because according the Book of Revelations, the arrival of the apocalypse will first be signaled by Trump-Pence.

q: Who says building a border wall wont work?
a: The Chinese built one over 2,000 years ago and they still dont have any Mexicans. 

q: Is it really 2016?
a: Is it really 2016? I mean Tarzan is playing in theaters, Pokemon is a craze, and a Clinton is running for President of the United States. 

q: How does a blonde like her eggs in the morning?
a: Unfertillized

q: Did you hear the joke about butter?
a: No? I guess it didn't spread then

q: What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy?
a: Crust

q: Why aren't pornstars of noble birth?
a: They common people. 

q: What do Popeye's fingers smell like?
a: Olive oil.

q: What do mathematicians and dancers have in common?
a: What do mathematicians and dancers have in common? They both have algorhythm.

q: How many Frenchmen does it take to stop a Semi Truck?
a: Apparently, 84 isn't enough. 

q: What did the sluttiest state say?
a: Idaho.

q: Did you hear the one about the latest terrorist attack in France?
a: It wasn't very Nice of them.

q: What does a french truck driver shout during Bastille Day?
a: Have a NICE day!

q: What do you call a grunge gardener?
a: Hedgy.

q: The saying goes, "Behind every great man is a great woman. " How is this even possible?
a: You know, because of the position of the penis.

q: Why did Ross eat all the Kit-Kats?
a: Because he was on a break. 

q: How well did the Mexican do for his class test?
a: He got a borderline pass.

q: Where does Sean Connery keep his guns?
a: In the library of course. They're for shelf-defense.

q: What do you call a none in a wheelchair?
a: Virgin Mobile I'm not sorry (PS, if this is a repost, I'm sorry that I didn't see the first time it got posted 2 years ago. Please don't accuse me of reposting)

q: Did you hear about the tragedy in France?
a: I was very confused reading headlines saying, "Nice attack, 78 dead".

q: What happens when a cow jumps over a barb-wire fence?
a: udder destruction

q: Knock knock, who's there?
a: OP's mom

q: Why are terrorists so mean?
a: Because they don't like Nice people.

q: What do you call a lactose-intolerant camel?
a: ....A dromedary with dairy drama

q: After the Heimlich maneuver what's the best way to stop someone from choking?
a: To pull it out.

q: Why did the blind guy have a burnt face?
a: He answered the iron.

q: What did the muslim telemarketer say when he picked up the phone?
a: Halal?

q: Time to ban High Capacity Assault Vehicles?
a: how else could we stop this? 

q: What kind of movies do scurvy circles enjoy?
a: rated movies.

q: What is the best way to cut a mango?
a: With a knife!

q: What do you call a group of people arguing about methods of self-pleasure?
a: Mass-debaters.

q: What did the dolphin say to the frog?
a: Eeeee eeee eeeee ieeeee eeee eee. Dolphins don't talk dummy. 

q: Did you hear about the latest truck rampage?
a: They say it was Nice

q: What did the roman soldier say after crucifying Jesus?
a: Nailed it

q: What's the favorite chord of a pedophile?
a: A minor.

q: Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people?
a: Edward asked. "No, why?" Timothy asks back

q: What do you call Drake and Josh obsessively watching anime?
a: Weeaboobs. 

q: What can you find between the toes of the African elephant?
a: Slow Africans.

q: What do elephants use for tampons?
a: Sheep. Why do elephants have trunks? Sheep don't have strings.

q: Why couldn't Caligula get anything passed in the Roman Senate?
a: His horse kept casting too many neigh votes.

q: Which hurts worse: a kick in the nuts, or having a baby?
a: This has been a debate over the ages: which hurts worse, getting a swift kick to the nuts or birthing a child. It's kind of hard to say since men and women are quite different creatures, but I have noticed something. If a woman goes through childbirth, sometimes a year or so later, she'll ask to have another baby. However, a man who has taken a kick to the jewels...

q: Why do black people play basketball?
a: Because it teaches them how to shoot, run and steal.

q: What do you call a person who delivers horribly?
a: A re-postman. Or a re-post person if you feel triggered.

q: What do you call an Asian that has an extra neutron?
a: A Riceotope

q: What's the highest form of flattery?
a: Summitery.

q: What will they call Mr. T after he dies?
a: Mr. T-Bone

q: What do you call a county that lacks a modern telecommunications system?
a: "Technologically backward" What do you call a county that lacks a fully integrated banking system? "Economically underdeveloped." What do you call a country that lacks a well-connected public transportation system? "America"

q: Why do kids with down syndrome wear shorts?
a: Because they have bad genes.

q: Did you hear that Auschwitz had to ask visitors to stop playing Pokemon Go?
a: They got tired of people pretending to be Ash.  Edit: Wow thank you for the gold mates! Hopefully none of you Jews will try to steal it from me... kidding. For those of you who were offended... please try to take it easy. It's a joke. You should find humor in everything. Life's more fun that way. 

q: What's soft, black, and red all over?
a: A harpooned seal

q: Have you heard the joke you are never supposed to tell a gay person?
a: Oh. Sorry.

q: Why do women wear panties with flowers on them?
a: In loving memory of all the faces that were buried in them.

q: How does a cougar obtain the perfect tan?
a: She uses a perfect son.

q: What is the best thing about Dwane "the rock" Johnson's physique?
a: Nobody takes him for granite. 

q: What is the least favorite food place of the Chinese?
a: Nanking Donuts

q: What is a penguin?
a: A swallow that kept eating after 6pm.

q: Why the story tells that Cindarella was at the ball?
a: Because the censor erased the letter "s".

q: How Long is a China-man?
a: I always thought he was Korean.

q: What Pokmon can you find at Auschwitz?
a: Gastly

q: Did you hear about the two nuclear scientists who are no longer speaking to each other?
a: They had a falling out...

q: Who may become a Prime Minister?
a: Theresa may.

q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and shakes?
a: A nervous wreck.

q: What's black & white and can't turn around in an elevator?
a: A nun with a javelin through her neck.

q: You hear about Hideo Kojima's remake of Pretty Woman?
a: A weapon to surpass Richard Gere

q: Why did the Seven Dwarves fire Snow White as their Foreman at the mine?
a: They thought she was micromanaging them!

q: Why did the scarecrow win the award?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field

q: What do you call a drunk who happens upon the scene of a crime?
a: an innocent bystumbler 

q: Why don't Pokemon cards ever have any typos?
a: Because the editors know that they gotta catch 'em all!

q: What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to Death Valley to shoot up?
a: What do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to Death Valley to shoot up? A high low small medium at large.

q: What did the doctor say to the man who walked off the roof of his house?
a: I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation.

q: Why is DJ Khaled's favorite number 11?
a: Cuz it has another 1

q: What's the difference between my basement and a Ferrari?
a: One is filled with hookers, and the other is my basement!

q: What's the dumbest animal in the jungle?
a: The polar bear. 

q: Why does Jerry Sienfeld clean up on tinder?
a: He can't go left

q: Pickup Line: How do you like your eggs?
a: Fried, scrambled, or fertilized?

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a crab with breast implants?
a: One's a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.

q: What do you call a black man camping?
a: Criminal intent 

q: Why do bald men cut holes in their pockets?
a: So they can run their fingers through their hair.

q: How does a Welshman find a sheep in tall grass?
a: Very satisfying. 

q: Why couldn't the two melons get married?
a: Because they cantaloupe.

q: How fast can a bear run?
a: As fast as it can bear.

q: What did the bacon say to the sandwich?
a: This club can't even handle me right now

q: What do you call a witch that only eats sand?
a: Malnourished 

q: What kind of dog suffers most from being inbred?
a: A hot dog

q: What's the worst thing about a lung transplant?
a: Coughing up someone else's phlegm

q: What did T say to reassure V?
a: "Don't worry.  I'm right behind U."

q: what's th difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
a: the refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.

q: How do you know if a joke is a dad joke?
a: A dad joke has to reach father for a pun.

q: What do you call an Irish phone technician who's always calling in sick?
a: Crock o'Dial.

q: What you get if you cross an r/jokes redditor with an author of books about the past?
a: History repeating itself.

q: What was the last thing the snowboarder ever said?
a: "Hey guys, watch this!"

q: A T-100 is sent back to 2016 to terminate Trump and Clinton. Who survives?
a: Not the next redditor to post a fucking 'America' version of the disaster set up.

q: Civil War Jokes?
a: Most of them are General-Lee stupid.

q: How do you make a musician's car more aerodynamic?
a: You take the pizza delivery sign off

q: How do you keep an amish girl happy?
a: Two men a night.

q: Why shouldn't you change around a Pokemon?
a: Because he might peek at chu.

q: What's the worst part about admitting to your friends and family you play PokemanGo?
a: Having to admit you have autism :,P

q: What's small and green and smells like pork?
a: Kermit's Finger.

q: Did you hear about the holocaust museum banning Pokemon?
a: I guess they didn't want a bunch of Ash running around.

q: What's the temperate inside of a ton-ton?
a: What's the temperature inside of a ton-ton? Lukewarm.

q: What do you call a group of dogs?
a: a PAW-se

q: What bill is the Congress's favorite?
a: Of course the $ bill!

q: What's the difference between a singularity full of booty and Jesse Jackson?
a: One's an ass blackhole, and the other's a - [removed]

q: Why did the black med student wait all day at the rear entrance of the student cafeteria?
a: Because his professor told his class they were going to spend the entire next day at a bacteria conference.

q: What's the difference between a drug dealer and a homosexual?
a: One's crack is in a junkie and the other's junk is in a crack.

q: why did the latina girl get pregnant?
a: Because her parents told her to do her essay.

q: What do you call a girlfriend who does kegel exercises?
a: Your main squeeze.

q: What do you call a sexually active spaghetti?
a: Fetishini Alfredo 

q: What do you call cum after dinner?
a: Jizzert

q: What do you call a cow having a seizure?
a: A milkshake.

q: What do Winnie the Pooh and Ivan the Terrible have in common?
a: The same middle name. (Shamelessly stolen from Cortana.)

q: What do you call a barn full of black people?
a: A police shooting range.

q: Whats the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
a: Usain Bolt can finish a race

q: Why can't the armless girl comb?
a: Because she already had cancer.

q: How german are you on a scale on 1-10?
a: Do you even have a permit for this survey?! 

q: How do Jamaicans pronounce bacon?
a: The same way British people pronounce beer can.

q: What do you call a dwarf psychic who has escaped jail?
a: Small medium at large

q: What did the waitress say to the man who wouldn't stop staring at her while she refilled his glass?
a: Take a pitcher, it'll last longer!

q: What's the difference between a joke and 3 cocks?
a: You can't take a joke.

q: Why did the tractor trailer mechanic always have half an erection?
a: Because he was constantly nursing a semi.

q: what do you call a sad tree?
a: Mourning wood

q: What are the man with no shoes say when he was forced to walk on broken glass?
a: Fuck

q: Did you hear about the cow that tried to hurdle a barbed wire fence?
a: It was an udder disaster.

q: What do a lesbian bar and a vegan's freezer have in common?
a: No meat...

q: What do you call your friend from Prague who beat you at chess?
a: Your Czech mate

q: What do you call a deaf pokemon go player walking into traffic?
a: Anything you want they're not going to hear you.

q: What's the difference between life and wife's rant?
a: Life eventually ends. 

q: Who's the most popular guy in the hospital?
a: The Ultra Sound guy. Who is it when he's not there? The Hip Replacement guy.

q: Which news outlet has the most interesting Black Lives Matter coverage?
a: BBC

q: What is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute?
a: Both work better with the lights off.

q: What's a baby hen called?
a: Chic hen

q: How do astronauts make a party?
a: They planet.

q: Which part of your body shuts down last when you die?
a: The eyes, cause they di-late.

q: Where did Noah keep the Bees?
a: In the Ark-Hives.

q: Why is the horse is Hitler's favourite animal?
a: Because it neighns!

q: What do bisexuals use for transportation?
a: Bicycles.

q: What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be?
a: An Ex-Man.

q: Did you hear about the guy who overdosed on Viagra?
a: They couldn't close his coffin

q: What do you call a Mexican that lives in Maine?
a: an L.L.Beaner

q: Did you hear about the salad who went missing?
a: All they found were its chard romaines

q: Who earns a living driving their customers away?
a: A taxi driver

q: Did you hear about the fire at the cheese factory?
a: Nearly a total loss... All that was left was de-brie.

q: What do you call an Indian woman who sits in front of the fire with her legs open?
a: Sinjit

q: how many jews can you fit in a car?
a: 2 in the back, 2 in the front, ad six million in the ashtray.

q: What do people and trees have in common?
a: They both fall down when you hit them with an axe.

q: What is the pH of a public pool?
a: All P

q: Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: [Dark Humor]Why is suicide illegal?
a: Destruction of government property.

q: Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines everywhere!

q: How is credit like cocaine?
a: Everyone just needs 1 more line.

q: What do you call sheep in the Middle East?
a: Arak of lamb

q: Where did Sally go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere.

q: What's the best part about being an orphan?
a: All your chips and candy bars are family sized. 

q: Did you know a load of hairy gay Theodore Roosevelt impersonators had a meal in the park today?
a: It was the Teddy Bear's picnic. 

q: Why do walruses just love a Tupperware party?
a: Theyre always on the lookout for a tight seal.

q: Why did the cat cross the road?
a: Because curiousity was on the other side

q: Did you hear about the topologist who got in shape through surfing?
a: It was totally cubular.

q: Why did Sally cross the road?
a: Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt

q: What did the Officer say after arresting the crooked cook?
a: "I just booked a cook for cooking the books."

q: What kind of newspaper do cows read?
a: The Moo York Times

q: What's the difference between dreams and memes?
a: I haven't given up on my memes yet 

q: What do programmers hate more than fat women?
a: Fat fingers

q: Where do you put dead typists?
a: In the `!

q: What did Victoria say to Vancouver?
a: I'll BC-ing you later.

q: What's an argument in the Middle East but a compliment in the U.S.A?
a: "You da bomb" "No, you da bomb!"

q: What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out?
a: Oven mitts.

q: How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Fish.

q: How do you defeat your enemies?
a: Chop off their feet.

q: What do you call a tenor with erectile problems?
a: Flacido Domingo.

q: What do u get when u give a rodent date rape drugs?
a: Mickey Mouse  

q: What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
a: He wipes

q: What do you call a nazi gardeners foot pain?
a: A facist planter's Plantar Fasciitis.

q: What is a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark?
a: The period: it marks the end of his sentence.

q: What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person?
a: The slow clap

q: What's the difference between training wheels and training bras?
a: I need two hands to remove training wheels.

q: What was the true purpose of the Ice Bucket Challenge?
a: To bring down the Wicked Witch of the West.

q: What is the difference between Pokmon Go and Tinder?
a: On one app you search your area and find strange creatures, on the other you only find pokmon.

q: What is called when an insurance company assesses a totaled car?
a: An auto-topsy 

q: What is the difference between Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton?
a: How their name's spelt.

q: What's the difference between love and lust?
a: "About two-hundred dollars." - Johnny Carson

q: What movie contains the most micro aggressions?
a: Ant Man

q: What job do you never stop training for?
a: Conductor

q: what's the difference between light and hard?
a: You can Sleep with a light on 

q: How do you stop being an 18 year old Virgin?
a: Turn 19

q: What is skeleton?
a: Interviewer:what is skeleton? Sardar:Sir, skeleton is a person who started dieting but forgot to stop it..!!!

q: What's the most popular pub in the Middle East?
a: The Allahu ak-Bar 

q: What do you call ten Frenchmen who stand in front of their goalie for 90 minutes?
a: Dix.

q: How many Germans does it take to make a negative?
a: Nein.

q: What is an Hommish woman's fantasy?
a: Two Mennonite

q: Does French wine really taste like urine?
a: Oui.

q: What is the difference between a feminist and a hockey player?
a: A hockey player showers after 3 periods.

q: What's long, hard, brown and sticky?
a: A stick

q: Q: Why is sex like math?
a: A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.

q: What Overwatch character sucks at making original art?
a: Tracer

q: What's Blue, Orange and Lying at the Bottom of a Swimming Pool?
a: What's blue, orange and lying at the bottom of a swimming pool? A baby with popped floaties.

q: How do you get a stranger to hop onto a bandwagon?
a: You poke 'em on.

q: What's the downside to bigamy?
a: More than one mother-in-law.

q: How did Jesus get so ripped?
a: He does crossfit. 

q: How do you get a Twinkie pregnant?
a: Put it in box of Ding Dongs.  What is it afterwards?  A HoHo

q: How many reposters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but they have to steal it first.

q: What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne?
a: Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.

q: What do you call the unjust murder of someone?
a: Out of the Blue.

q: What is a pirate's favorite restaurant?
a: Arrrrrrby's 

q: What company makes the best fireworks?
a: Spacex 

q: Why did the kid eat his homework?
a: Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.  -My 6 year old Nephew 

q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a lima bean?
a: I've never paid to have a lima bean on my chest.

q: What is Walter White's favourite brand of ketchup?
a: Heinz-enburg.

q: What did the other nose say to the other nose when it was crying?
a: It told it a Nak-Nak joke! (In my language Urdu, Nak means nose.)

q: What did the squirrel say when it saw the acorn tree cut down and taken away?
a: Thats nuts

q: What is the name of your friend's advisor?
a: Budweiser

q: What do you call a white guy with a gun?
a: A potential suspect.

q: Why can't Intel-based phones enjoy Pokmon Go?
a: Because Intel Inside.

q: Hey girl, is your name Hoover?
a: Because: a) Dammmm  b) I blame you for me being broke  c) You can suck real well d) You should be cleaning my house top to bottom 

q: Where do angry mailmen work?
a: At the pissed office.

q: Why did the undercover cop throw a wasp nest at the drug dealer?
a: It was a sting operation.

q: How do Jews shower?
a: How do Jews shower? The same as you idiot. First we get nice and we.. Wait, it's a trap! The gas its too mu... faint scream

q: What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light-bulb?
a: You can un-screw the light-bulb

q: Who's the first Jewish guy to get a Heisman Trophy?
a: "Fred Goldman, because he's got mine!" - OJ Simpson

q: What's the worst part of going to a southern family reunion?
a: Seeing your ex. 

q: Why do lesbians shop at sport authority?
a: Because they don't like Dick's

q: What's the difference between 50 Cent and the Ozone Layer?
a: The Ozone layer doesn't benefit from having holes in them.

q: How do you pick out the Christian Terrorist out of a crowd?
a: Find the guy wearing a rebel flag.

q: What do you call war fought with bees?
a: ...Beeological Warfare

q: Who was the worst U.S. President of all time?
a: Hoover, his administration really sucked.

q: What does a cow who's a jerk grow up to be?
a: Beef Jerky. 

q: What are filipinos horror stories?
a: Crispy Pata

q: Ohio?
a: More like OBYEo.  (If you're from Michigan you'll understand)

q: How many cops does it take the screw in a lightbulb?
a: The same number it takes to screw public confidence in law enforcement

q: What is Ramsay Bolton's favorite band?
a: Cold Flay

q: What do you call a Time Machine that can only travel to one location in time?
a: The RE-tardis

q: Why are black people good at basketball?
a: Because they shoot, steal, and run. 

q: KNOCK KNOCK.....WHOSE THERE?
a: GESTAPO

q: Why did the Donkey Vacuum sell so poorly?
a: Because it sucked ass.

q: What do you call Nazis from San Francisco?
a: Bay Aryans

q: Did you hear about the lawyer selling moonshine from a van outside the courthouse?
a: He was disbarred. 

q: What did Watson and Crick study to find DNA?
a: Rosalind Franklin's notes. 

q: What's the creepiest body of water?
a: Lake Eerie. Note: This joke has probably been made before.

q: Why can't you trust an atom?
a: Why can't you trust an atom? Because I gave the cheat $100,000,000 AND ALL I GOT BACK WAS A MEATBALL FROM IKEA 

q: How much money do gay bars make?
a: A buttload. 

q: When Johnny was late for class, his teacher asked why?
a: "My dad got burnt" said Johnny "Nothing serious I hope" exclaimed the teacher To which Johnny replied "They don't fuck around down the crematorium Miss"

q: Pokemon?
a: go fuck yourself

q: What is the playing surface of the New Orleans Superdome called?
a: Mardi grass.

q: What are the spookiest sounds?
a: Skeletones.

q: What do you call a black cop?
a: Suicidal.

q: Why doesn't Coffee get along with milk in Germany?
a: Cause it doesn't want to be latte.  Sorry. I just came up with this lame joke. Downvotes ahoy! 

q: What do people in Arkansas do for Halloween?
a: Pump kin.

q: How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, they just shoot the room for being black.

q: Why do fat acceptance supporters make no sense?
a: Because their reasoning is circular.

q: What do you call a seagull flying over the bay?
a: A bagel

q: What do you get if you cut an avocado into 6.02 * 10^23 pieces?
a: Guacamole.

q: What's fast and breathes fast underwater?
a: Definitely not a toddler, I can tell you that now.

q: What do Venezuelans like to eat with their cheese?
a: Caracas.

q: Child: do women have period on weekends ?
a: Me : yes

q: What do you call a guy who puts his right hand into the mouth of a great white shark?
a: Lefty.

q: What's it called when an Ethiopian does gymnastics?
a: Blackrobatics. 

q: What did the tectonic plate say when it bumped into another?
a: Sorry, my fault.

q: What did the DNA say to the mRNA?
a: "I'm better without U."

q: What does a black policeman says when he looks in the mirror?
a: Oh shit a cop!

q: Why was 10 traumatized?
a: Because it was in the middle of 9/11

q: What did the sea say to the sand?
a: Nothing, it simply waved.

q: What's a tick's favorite food?
a: A tic tac

q: Have you tried the new, ultra-realistic vibrator?
a: "No, how does it work?"  "Right before you climax it comes, goes limp, farts, and turns itself off."

q: So what do you do for a living? Im in organ trafficking. Fu** ! Dont you have a heart?
a: Was that a critic or an order?

q: How many Pokmon does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Not sure, gotta catch them all first!

q: Why did the console games cross the road?
a: Because console gamers go outside.  (Title should say gamer not games)

q: What do you call a short clairvoyant person who just broke out of prison?
a: A small medium at large.

q: -What's your zodiac sign?
a: -Tyrannosaurus.  -But that's not even a real sign.  -None of the zodiac signs are real.  

q: In Pakistan, what's the difference between an elementary school and a terrorist training camp?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drone.

q: Foreigner? Why not fist her?
a: Badoom TSSSSssT! (Say it out loud)

q: Why can't Hillary Clinton be called a female?
a: Because she deleted the emale.

q: Why couldn't the scientist understand what the photon was saying?
a: Because the photon was incoherent.

q: Hilary and Trump are on a sinking boat. Who is saved?
a: America

q: How does a person with less than 50 dollars become a millionaire?
a: Knawledge!

q: What do you call it when you hire your relatives to play with your nipples?
a: Nippletism 

q: Why are you all sweaty?
a: I was watching cops

q: Why does ISIS like sheep?
a: Is-Lamb!

q: What do biology students do when they do poorly on a test?
a: They bio-D-grade.

q: What did the jewish barman do when they ran out of beer?
a: Hebrew

q: What's a thimble?
a: By definithion, thomething that represenths or thtands for thomething elth. Thymbolithm, y'know.

q: What was Anne Frank's middle name?
a: Ashley

q: How do four gay men sit comfortably if there is only one bar stool?
a: They turn it upside down.

q: What wind is best for footballs?
a: Drew Brees 

q: What's the best way to get to the front page?
a: Post good stuff. Please up vote To FP! 

q: What's cold, hot and chilly all at once?
a: Cold chili.

q: What do you call a woman with one leg?
a: Ilene   What do you call an Asian woman with one leg?   Irene

q: What do you call a mooner on the last overnight flight?
a: A red-eye

q: What do you call a chicken takeover of the government?
a: A coop.

q: What is it called when someone gives birth to a 40 year old man?
a: A midwife crisis

q: Why did the DJ consider himself to be a part of the LGBTQ community?
a: Because he was transitioning. 

q: What do mathematicians call people with glasses?
a: sqrt(-16)

q: What's the generic name for Viagra?
a: Mycoxafloppin.

q: What did the pirate photographer say?
a: Check out my DSL-Arrrgh.

q: What comes once in a second, twice in a minute, but never in a million years?
a: This joke being reposted.

q: What does IDK mean?
a: I've yet to find someone who knows.

q: Why did my sister go down to the fish market?
a: Oh just for the Halibut!

q: What is the best part of Pokemon Go?
a: I can ride my bike indoors and professor oak can't do anything to stop me.

q: How do you call Canadian people?
a: Unarmed Americans.

q: Which street does the police officer live in?
a: Let's be Avenue 

q: Why is it so hard to get to know Guantanamo Bay detainees?
a: Because they're too cagey. 

q: Why are so many physicists non-religious?
a: Because they understand that losing weight doesn't make you thinner, you have to lose mass.

q: What is it called if someone wears your bra?
a: Cobra!!!

q: What do you call an Irish bodyguard?
a: Liam Malone.

q: What do you call an Irish thief?
a: Nick McGuinness.

q: What does an Elephant use as a tampon?
a: A sheep 

q: Why did France really surrender to Germany?
a: [Just thought of this earlier in the shower... Had gas ever since.]

q: What do niggers and twinkies have in common?
a: You have to un-rap them before you can get to their delicious Kareem filling.

q: Why do people never eat clocks?
a: Because its really time consuming.

q: Why was Mac OS X hired as the prison guard?
a: Because he kept locking up.

q: What do you call the first Afghan off the boat?
a: Amhere.  What do you call the second Afghan off the boat?  Amhere Azwel.  What do you call the third Afghan off the boat?  Amhere Azwell Azhim. :)

q: What do you call a bulletproof Irishman?
a: Rick O'Shea.

q: Why can't Roman Reigns light a campfire?
a: Because he doesn't carry any matches!

q: What do you call a scary prostitute?
a: Horrifying.

q: Why did the blonde feminist want to be cremated when she died?
a: She thought a traditional burial would be too bio-degrading.

q: What kind of bee can make milk?
a: Boobies

q: What did the man say about the Jewish Bartender?
a: Hebrewing up a storm!

q: What does an elephant keep in his trunk?
a: 6 foot of snot

q: Who always wins the insect election?
a: The lesser of two weevils.

q: Why do white girls walk in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even

q: What can't I find on the internet?
a: My keys

q: What do you call an egyptian sun god with a colombian accent?
a: ShakiRA

q: What's the difference between dead babies and salads?
a: I don't put my salads in the microwave before I eat them 

q: what do you call a man with a rubber toe?
a: Roberto

q: Why was Jesus crucified instead of stoned?
a: So Catholics could do this [makes the sign of the cross], instead of this [bangs self in head with fists].

q: Why are miners always narcissistic?
a: Because they MINE as a job.

q: What's the German super hero called?
a: Ale-Man

q: What do you call a Bronie in the military?
a: A GIbronie!

q: What's a pirate's least favorite letter?
a: A letter from an ISP saying they've been downloading illegally.

q: What rhymes with Pistorius?
a: His girlfriend certainly ain't Morpheus.

q: What's Mr. Ts chain made out of?
a: Fools gold

q: Did you hear about the midget fortune-teller who was ripping people off with fake fortune-tellings?
a: He's a small medium at large.

q: What is the definition of disappointment?
a: Running into wall with a boner and breaking your nose.

q: What are the ten letters of the pirate alphabet?
a: Aye, Aye!  Arrrr!  & the Seven Seas!

q: What is the only result for Ear-rape?
a: Hearing AIDS.

q: [OC] What did Remus Lupin say to Nymphadora Tonks?
a: I'm a-lookin'... And I'm a lycan.

q: What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?
a: Quarter pounder with cheese

q: How Did I Make It To The Middle East?
a: Iran there.

q: How many "suh dudes" does it take to turn on a light bulb?
a: None, it's already lit fam haha suh dude.

q: How are a hobo and a balloon alike?
a: Both are without visible means of support. (My son found that in a children's joke book)

q: What did one kid at the playground say to the other kid?
a: Hello from the other slIIIIiiiIIIIide

q: How does a Native American count numbers?
a: With shot glasses.

q: How do you kill a German?
a: Put them in front of a red light in the middle of the desert.

q: What happens when you give a cow a joint?
a: The steaks are high

q: Why do conservatives want everyone to own a gun?
a: They have to justify killings blacks somehow.

q: What's a Pirate's least favorite letter?
a: A copyright infringement notice. Edit: Alright you, cunts, I get it. This joke has been told earlier. It popped into my mind after reading the "What is a pirate's favorite letter?" joke in this sub earlier. Obviously more than one person is not allowed to come up with the same joke. Sorry I tried.

q: Why did the restless Scottish man have a wet dream?
a: Because he was counting sheep!

q: What does Apu say when people leave him to browse reddit?
a: Thank you, Karma gain

q: Why did barbie never get pregnant?
a: Because ken came in a different box

q: Why does Britain love tea so much?
a: Because tea leaves.

q: What does the bees do with their honey?
a: They eat it, If they eat too much, they will get Diabeetis.

q: What do you get when you mix a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
a: Someone who lies awake at night wondering if there's a dog

q: How do you say hi to a Muslim in Hawaii?
a: Aloha Akbar.

q: Hi! This is my first time in a Fitness Center. How do I start?
a: Personal Trainer: By putting down that Pizza slice!

q: Why did the Agnostic cross the road?
a: We don't have enough evidence to say for sure.

q: What do you call Bees that make milk?
a: Boobies I'm so sorry, it's late and my friend just told this joke to me.

q: Why were there 5 Mexicans in a Ford?
a: It was a Fiesta

q: What do Jewish pedophiles say?
a: Hey Kid... you wanna buy a piece of candy?

q: How do we know Mayberry's Andy Taylor was a Redditor?
a: He had sex with Opie's mom. 

q: What did the candy say as they saw a group of intimidating crackers approach?
a: Cheez It!

q: Why did Eric Clapton switch from PC to Mac?
a: He had a bad experience with windows.

q: Who do you call about stray cats walking around your yard?
a: Brian Setzer

q: Why did the staff party go to jail?
a: Because they were in treble. 

q: Why was 7 afraid of 8?
a: Because 8 nined 10.

q: What is the best way to receive downvotes on reddit?
a: Wohahaha! That was funny! XD

q: What is it called when a Sailor in the Navy gets a care package from home?
a: Underwear Replenishment

q: What is it called when you get a bathroom hand job while listening to blues?
a: W.C. Handy

q: Why do cemeteries have fences?
a: Because people are dying to get in. 

q: A black man and an apple fall from a tree at the same time. What hits the ground first?
a: The apple because the black man was stopped by a noose.

q: What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?
a: The Boy Scout came back from camp.

q: Whats a Mexican's Favorite Sport?
a: Cross Country

q: Hey baby, are you a gorilla exhibit?
a: Coz I wanna drop a baby into you. 

q: Whats the most sexually frustrated food?
a: Cantaloupe.

q: What is the most expensive type of fish?
a: A goldfish! I am not sorry.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a bowling ball?
a: You can't unload a truck full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.

q: What's the Terminator's favourite band?
a: Guns 'n Roses

q: Why did Tommen jump out the window?
a: Because he was ready to come out.

q: Why is six afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 is a registered 6 offender...

q: What do you call a black guy who flies airplanes?
a: A pilot, you racist. 

q: Why is it funny when there is ejaculate in the middle of a highway?
a: Because it's a cum-median!

q: What month does Hitler hate the most?
a: July

q: How do you know you are dating a women, not a girl?
a: A girl has no name. 

q: What do you call a bad joker?
a: A PUNnisher. 

q: What's the difference between a Baptist and a Catholic?
a: Catholics acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle. Extra: What's the difference between Catholics and Lutherans?  Catholics just acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle, Lutherans have a 15 minute conversation about booze.

q: What's the difference between Hillary's e-mails and the UK leaving the EU?
a: Hillary got off Scott-free.

q: What's the difference between jokes and dicks?
a: Your mother can't take 3 jokes at the same time.

q: What's the most dangerous possession a gun nut will ever own?
a: His car.

q: Did you hear they had to shutdown Japan's first virtual reality porn exhibition?
a: Too many people came.

q: How does Seth Macfarlane wishes you Eid Mubarrak?
a: Keep it in church, guys.

q: What is a Jewish delima?
a: A free ham.

q: Why can't astronauts listen to music?
a: The beat can't drop in outer space.

q: How does Donald Trump smoke weed?
a: From his bing bing bong

q: Why don't prostitutes vote?
a: They don't care who gets in

q: What do you call a Snake game that doesn't work?
a: An E-Reptile dysfunction

q: What do you call a rocket-powered car?
a: An Otto-mobile

q: What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down?
a: Wife. 

q: How to make a dog meow or your cat bark?
a: Freeze your dog and then take an angle grinder and use it on your dog and it Will say meeeeeow.  Dunk your cat in gasoline and light it on fire and it Will say woof

q: Hear about the guy who broke into a drug store and stole all the Viagra?
a: The police are looking for a hardened criminal. 

q: Why did the fish jump out of the water?
a: Because he was hooked on worms.

q: What do a trickster and a multiplicative inverse function have in common?
a: They both want to pull 1 over on you.

q: Did you hear about the midget fortune teller that escaped from prison?
a: The police reported a small medium at large.

q: Whats the difference?
a: Between a large pizza and a black father.  A large pizza can feed a family of four.

q: What did one flag say to another?
a: What did one flag say to another? Nothing! They just waved.

q: What is the difference between a wife's argument and a knife?
a: A knife has a point.

q: Hillary and Donald are out in a rowboat. The boat capsizes. Who get saved?
a: The United States of America

q: What do you call bread so burnt it can never be ate?
a: Comatoast

q: What do you call a terrorist with cancer?
a: A free radical.

q: How is Donald Trump related to this post?
a: They're both jokes. 

q: What did Jesus say to all the black people before he died on the cross?
a: Don't do anything till I come back. 

q: What's the best way to receive down votes on reddit?
a: Wohahaha! That was funny! XD

q: How do black people grow?
a: Their knee grows!

q: What is a Viking's favorite music?
a: Ragnarock

q: What do mexicans cut their pizza with?
a: Little Caesars.

q: Why did the pillow cross the road?
a: Because it was cooler on the other side.

q: Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?
a: At the bottom. 

q: June is over?
a: Julying.

q: What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldnt make me fat?
a: Fingernails. XD

q: What do the NBA and the presidential election have in common?
a: There's only two candidates, and nobody wants either of them to win!

q: How much do used batteries cost?
a: Nothing, they are free of charge.

q: What's the difference between a midget chess team and a ladies track team?
a: One is a group of cunning little runts.... the other is a group of running little  C

q: What do North Korea and my girlfriend have in common?
a: Neither want me coming inside them.

q: What do you call a potato that's also a sports fan?
a: A spec-tator!

q: What is the most inappropriate thing to say to someone who just lost their job?
a: You had one job.

q: Does Bryan has a Cranston ?
a: Because if he does, he better make sure he doesn't break bad...

q: Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about America?
a: Because freedom rings. 

q: Know what the opposite of a dad joke is?
a: A son burn! Son: I'm thirsty Dad: hi thirsty, I'm friday Son: ugh, at least I have mom's genes. Dad: She was looking for jeans earlier today Son: you're wearing mom jeans right now, which gives you two reasons to feel embarrassed, Mr. Unemployed Dad: 

q: What do you call a Reddit cockblock?
a: [removed]

q: do they have the fourth of July in the UK?
a: Of course it comes after the third and before the fifth of July

q: Why fart and waste it?
a: When you can burp and taste it. 

q: What do you get if you combine a sheep and a kangaroo?
a: A woolly jumper.

q: Did you hear Uber and Lyft are merging?
a: They're rebranding as "Luber: For when you need to come fast!" 

q: What do you call a black woman with a draft between her legs?
a: LaQueefa

q: hy havent you ever seen any elephants hiding up trees?
a: Because theyre really, really good at it.

q: Where do clowns live?
a: In a Clown Hall.

q: Why did Monica Lewinsky vote Republican?
a: Because Democrat left a bad taste in her mouth!

q: What do you say when a Polish magician performs a magic trick?
a: Nailed it

q: What's the difference between Britain and Australia?
a: When one votes, it changes something, making things worse.  When another votes, it doesn't change anything, making things worse.

q: Why did the suicidal man cross the road?
a: Because he wanted to play chicken.

q: How many Freudian psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to hold the ladder and one to screw your mother - I mean light bulb!

q: What does Donald Trump's hair get at the end of each day?
a: [removed]

q: Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America?
a: Because freedom rings. Happy 4th of July  !

q: What's the difference between Wright and Rong?
a: Wright yells, "Objection!' Rong is your typical Chinese man.

q: What do you call a Mexican on a riding lawnmower?
a: Promoted.

q: Why does Dr. Pepper come in a can?
a: Because his wife died.

q: What was the radioactive senior citizen's super power?
a: Gramma Rays

q: Where did Noah park his fish?
a: The carp-ark.

q: Have you heard of the new crime drama involving a rich dinner party?
a: It's called Law and Hors D'oeuvres.

q: Why did the blind man swing his seeing eye dog around by the tail?
a: He was taking a look around

q: What has four legs and one arm?
a: A K-9 unit on MLK Boulevard

q: What do you call 4 Mexicans in quick sand?
a: Cuatro cinco

q: Why did the cup fall over?
a: Because it was drunk.

q: What do you get if you cross a duck with an avocado?
a: Quackamole

q: What do you call a tree that smokes weed?
a: Snoop Log

q: What's a jawa's favorite type of pasta?
a: Rotini!

q: What's the difference between an asshole and a douchebag?
a: No seriously, I just wanna know 

q: How do you fit four sailors onto a barstool?
a: Turn the barstool upside down.

q: What do you call it when Professor X does a wheelie?
a: Professor +

q: What's the difference between a jew and a bullet?
a: The bullet makes it out of the chamber

q: Why couldn't the whistleblower pick up his dry-cleaning?
a: Because he was Snowden!  (Snowed in)

q: Why is it impossible to say no to french fries with cheese and bacon?
a: Because it's a loaded question!

q: How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None because it's already lit fam  

q: Why is a bad government like a bikini?
a: Because people marvel at what's holding it up. And they wish it would fall.

q: What does Justin Timberlake say when he goes to the bathroom?
a: "It's Gonna be Pee"

q: Why did the old man sneak past the cupboard?
a: He didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills.

q: What happens when it hails in Overwatch?
a: JUST ICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!

q: What's the difference between a repost and a bullet?
a: I don't want to put a repost in my mouth

q: How many suh dudes does it take to change a lot bulb?
a: none, it's already lit fam!

q: What did King George think of the American colonists?
a: He thought they were revolting!

q: What did the guy without hands get for christmas?
a: We don't know, he hasn't opened the present yet

q: What does a blonde think Ecuador is?
a: How you get into an Ecua

q: Why do women live on average two years longer?
a: Because the time they spend parking doesnt count.

q: What do you call a person of Irish and Asian descent?
a: Rice Paddy. Edit: Credit goes to my nickname from some clever fucker classmate when I was a kid.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet?
a: The bullet gets out of the chamber.

q: How do you say goodbye to your pasta?
a: Pasta La Vista, baby!

q: What did one loaf of bread say to the other?
a: Weirdo.

q: Why did the oak tree get his girlfriend pregnant?
a: Because the state abolished plant parenthood

q: Why does Noddy wear a giant red hat with a yellow tinkling bell on the end of it?
a: Because he's a cunt.

q: Why was the ocean always sad?
a: Because the beach never waved back.

q: What do dads and grammar Nazis have in common?
a: They're not there. 

q: What does a chemist say when he needs someone to pass the salt?
a: "Please pass the salt."

q: You ever hear of the Nazi strip club?
a: They don't make it rain, they make it Heil!

q: What did Terry-Thomas say before giving oral?
a: "I say, Mind the gap"

q: Mom, am I ugly?
a: "I told you not to call me mom in front of people"

q: What does a polite pirate say?
a: Chivalry-Timbers!

q: What do you call an atheist who no longer worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
a: A-pasta-ate.

q: How many clergymen does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: Amen.

q: What did the puffer fish say to the sea anemone?
a: Stop being so closed off.

q: What is the integral of to the x?
a: The function of u to the n

q: A mathematician, a physicist, and an engineer are asked "What is 1 + 1"?
a: The mathematician says "2" The Physicist says "2, plus or minus 0.1" The engineer says "Probably around 2, but let's say 3 to be on the safe side".

q: What do you tell a girl with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, you already told her twice.

q: What washes up on small beaches?
a: Microwaves!

q: What do you say when you don't want anymore Heineken?
a: NeinIcant

q: What do black spies call one another?
a: Monicker

q: What do FBI agents grill for the 4th of July?
a: Hillary.

q: When lesbians get married, which one makes the sandwiches?
a: Neither! Everyone knows they prefer hot pockets

q: What did the ocean say to the lighthouse?
a: Nothing, it waved.

q: What does have eyes but can't see, has legs but can't walk, and has wings but can't fly?
a: A dead bird. 

q: why is it so hard to solve a murder in Kentucky?
a: Because everyone is related and there are no dental records.

q: Why wasn't the geologist hungry?
a: He lost his apatite. I know that joke has its faults, so I'll just accept my pumicement and go back to looking at cleavage.

q: How does someone become a sex expert?
a: They learn the ins and outs

q: Why are criticisms of Donald Trump unfair?
a: Because they always take his statements out of Kampftext.

q: What do you call a Jewish Tailor?
a: A Hebrewdasher

q: You know that friend that keeps borrowing money?
a: You know that dude that will never ever pay you back, but you're fine with it because he's your buddy. ... Add surprise, fear, adrenaline and a little pee in your pants to that.  See, doesn't that feel nicer than calling me a robber, shouting for the police saying I have a gun and whatnot? 

q: How Many Tickles Does it Take to Make a Octopus Laugh?
a: ten-tickles

q: What do teens and cheap motels have in common?
a: Hormones

q: What do you call a rapper who's feeling bitter?
a: NaClmore

q: What happens when you eat fireworks?
a: Your hair comes out in bangs.

q: Why did the phosphorus atom go to the fortune teller?
a: To find out his phos-fate!

q: What does a horny man living in Northern Russia need?
a: He needs two jacket.

q: How does a woman hold her licker??
a: By the ears...

q: What is the process for a terrorist kidnapping?
a: Well, first Demascus, then they Baghdad!

q: Why are artificial eyes made from glass?
a: They gotta be see-through

q: What is the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
a: the wheelchair 

q: Which animal is the faggiest?
a: A chim-PANSY

q: When does CPR become Necrophlia?
a: When tongue is involved. 

q: What's the difference in roast beef and pea soup?
a: Anyone can roast beef.

q: What does Obama say when he is given Kraft Mac n' Cheese instead of homemade Mac n' Cheese?
a: Thanks Omomma

q: What does it take to make Mother Russia pregnant?
a: A soviet seamen

q: How does a muslim close a door?
a: Islams it.

q: What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
a: The taste

q: Why did the hipster's Hot Pocket burn his mouth?
a: He ate it before it was cool.

q: Can someone come by and make my door frame bigger?
a: I've fattened and I can't get out.

q: What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber ?
a: Lets make salat

q: Why are black guys getting fatter?
a: TVs are getting lighter.

q: what do you call a cat in a blender?
a: Meow Mix

q: Why Republicans cannot swim as freely as they want?
a: Dems!

q: Which athletes will not get Zika at Rio 2016?
a: Those on Team Great Britain, because they'll leave.

q: What do you call a pig that's a lumber jack?
a: Well you call him porkchop

q: What side of a cake is the right side?
a: The side that gets eaten because the other side is left.

q: Why aren't Jews easily distracted?
a: because they've been to concentration camp.

q: What did the surgeon say to his constipated patient?
a: Cut that shit out!

q: Whats an American cops favourite shot?
a: A black rushing

q: Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers?
a: They can't even. 

q: What do computers snack on?
a: micro chips

q: What is the difference between a politician and a mortician?
a: A Mortician waits until after you're dead to fuck you.

q: What's an SJW's favorite insurance?
a: Progressive

q: What do you call a happy ending at a Jewish massage parlor?
a: Free.

q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
a: I've never had a lentil on my face before!

q: What sexual position does Canada prefer with the USA?
a: On top 

q: What do you call a Hispanic guy's quest to get gender reassignment surgery?
a: Manuel Trans Mission

q: What do you call a chav in a suit?
a: "The defendant."

q: Ya know what the Mesopotamians said to those who try to beat em?
a: Have fun drowning in our two rivers Euphrate Cats!!!

q: How does a feminist know she's overweight?
a: She doesn't

q: Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippy from drowning?
a: He was too far out maaaaan.

q: What do blondes and the Bermuda Triangle have in common?
a: They both swallow seamen.

q: How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?
a: You put it in the microwave until its bill withers.

q: What happens when a cannibal decides to go vegan?
a: They start eating vegetables.

q: What do Jedis wear to Oktoberfest?
a: Vader-hosen!

q: What's the difference between Jesus and Bono?
a: Jesus doesn't think he's Bono 

q: What if UK's politician changes the lightbulb?
a: He Brexit!

q: What do you call DJ Khaled crossdressing as Hulk Hogan?
a: "A "brother" one."

q: Did you hear about the two fat men who ran a marathon?
a: One ran in short bursts, the other ran in burst shorts!

q: How do you turn a seal into a sea lion?
a: Remove an electron.

q: What is the difference between a baby and a onion?
a: No one cries when you chop up the baby.

q: What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
a: Juan on Juan. 

q: How many frat boys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Let's count. One to try to turn it on. When that fails, another to go look for a replacement lying around the house. One to do the screwing. And then at least a couple more to watch and snap photos while it's happening.   The light bulb joke is a metaphor for campus rape. It relies on a common and vicious stereotype of fraternities, who we all know are the true victims here.

q: What do you call a CIA agent that nobody cares about?
a: Li Yung

q: What do you call men who are addicted to sex?
a: MEN

q: Did you hear about the two bodies that got cremated at the same time?
a: It was a dead heat

q: If you're turning left with your car, which wheel steers less?
a: The spare one! :P

q: How are women and tornadoes alike?
a: They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.

q: How do you kill a hipster?
a: Drown him in the mainstream.

q: whats got two legs and bleeds..?
a: Half a dog

q: What stops rape every time?
a: Consent.

q: What's a Saudis favourite drink?
a: Milk sheikh

q: What did C: drive say to D: drive?
a: Wow you looked shocked.

q: How many fams does it take to get the sky lit?
a: Just one sun

q: Why Did The Hedgehog Cross The Road?
a: Because he wanted to see his flat mate.

q: what did the soldier say to the other soldier when wanting him to get in the tank?
a: "Get in the tank!"

q: What does a nazi say to another nazi?
a: Nazi. 

q: Why did Newton's wife got pregnant?
a: Because he doesn't believe in using quantum

q: What's black, white, asian, and mexican?
a: A lazy panda.

q: What does a feminist get when she can't afford a punching bag?
a: A boyfriend.

q: Why didn't they tell Chris Christie they took his pony away?
a: He would've found it hard to digest.

q: What do you call a custard when it goes bad?
a: Off-pudding.

q: What's the difference between being tired and exhausted?
a: If you run in front of a car, you get tired.   If you run behind one, you get exhausted. 

q: What's the difference between a white girl and a mosquito?
a: The mosquito stops sucking when you smack it. 

q: What do you call a smart person in America?
a: A tourist.

q: How do Chinese people say "hello" in Spanish?
a: Hola.

q: What's the similarity to Group A streptococci and feminists?
a: They're sensitive to everything

q: A black guy and a white guy fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first?
a: Better question would be: Why were they in the tree in the first place?

q: Want to see a word that I made up?
a: a word that I made up?

q: When does a lamb become a sheep?
a: At it's baahmitzveh fuck yall i thought this was funny

q: How many communists died during ww2?
a: not enough

q: What do you say to Jennifer Anniston after she has been stabbed?
a: So noone told you knife was gonna be this way?

q: How many tickles does it take to pleasure an anime character?
a: Ten.

q: What do Monica Lewinsky and an Asian political correspondent have in common?
a: All they talk about is the presidential erection

q: Why did the two tampons not talk to each other?
a: because they're both stuck up cunts

q: How do fat women defy physics?
a: Because the heavier they get, the easier they are to pick up.

q: What are the most common 3 words used all around the world?
a: Made in China.

q: What did the poles do during world war two?
a: They held the telephone wires off the ground.

q: What do narcoleptic people drink in bars?
a: BoozZzZzZzZzZzZ

q: Why did Kim Jong Un have so many books?
a: Because he is North Korea's great reader.

q: Q: Which polarising comic relief characters actions lead to the rise of a despicable leader?
a: A: Boris Johnson  B: Jar Jar Binks C: All of the above One for the uk

q: Did you know the Dalai Lama has a gambling problem?
a: Yeah, he loves Tibet

q: Can I talk to my son?
a: A father was nervously waiting for the risky surgery of his son to end. When he saw the doctor come out of the operating room he asked him: Doctor, could I talk to my son? So the doctor reassuringly responds: Of course. Nurse! Bring this man a ouija board! 

q: What flavour toothpaste do indifferent people like?
a: Meh-nthol

q: Where do farm animals get their groceries?
a: The pharmacy.

q: What's something that's red and bad for your teeth?
a: A brick.

q: What is Rikon Stark's favourite brand?
a: Str8

q: How Dumb is Earl, Who Supports Trump?
a: He thinks my toilet paper is defective because it rolls from the top instead of the bottom. What's worst? He blames it on Obamar!

q: What does aerosmith say when someone asks them for directions?
a: Walk this way

q: What was the Mexican owl's name?
a: Whoooolio.

q: Why shouldnt you tell jokes about premature ejaculation?
a: Because it's too soon. 

q: what do you get when you put a roofie in lemonade?
a: Lemonlaid.

q: What do you call a gunman who exercises?
a: An active shooter! 

q: What do you get when you cross an octopus with a black person?
a: I don't know either, but it would be great at picking cotton.

q: Why was the welder such a gossip?
a: Because he liked to meddle. 

q: What does a Dingo call a pregnant woman?
a: A Snack Pack...... I'm sorry

q: Why couldn't the set designers plane take off?
a: Because it was a prop.

q: How do Canadians say Milky Way?
a: Milky Eh.... Get it? 

q: What does donald trump use when he plays FPS games?
a: Wallhacks

q: Why did the cocaine addict come off as really up tight?
a: He was always turning up his nose!

q: Why does the ocean taste so salty terrible?
a: It's full of millions of years of dead semen

q: Whats black and hurts when you get it thrown in your face?
a: A Piano.

q: What's a Russian's favorite Italian meal?
a: Spaghetti and meatbolsheviks

q: How many posters who type 'r/antijokes' on this sub only do it for karma?
a: Seriously, I don't know. Maybe 50?

q: What do you call a cross between two KKK members?
a: Burning

q: Did you hear about the parrot who lives in a bilingual household?
a: It speaks a pidgin language.

q: Want to hear a word I made up?
a: Plagiarism 

q: What would be funny about Hillary as president?
a: That she would be sitting at the desk that Monica once kneeled under!

q: How many new states will America get when Trump is elected?
a: One.  Denial.

q: What's the difference between illegal and unlawful?
a: One is against the law, the other is a sick bird.

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Porsche?
a: With the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.

q: How do I turn my new girlfriend on?
a: She's a robot and the instructions are in Chinese.

q: what does a black guy and midget have in common?
a: they both wont achieve great heights

q: Did you hear about the new Harry Potter Movie?
a: Dead Sirius

q: What does supervillain Black Man need to do to escape the crime scene?
a: Turn off all the lights.

q: What did the duck do after he lost his wife, his job, and his house?
a: He became a quack head

q: Why do moths fly with their legs spread?
a: Have you ever seen the size of mothballs?

q: What do you call a kangaroo stowed away on the curiosity rover?
a: A Marsupial 

q: what travels around the world but stays in one corner?
a: postage stamp 

q: What do horses hope for on election day?
a: A stable economy

q: What do you get when you cross a motorcycle and a truck?
a: hit by a car.

q: What did the grasshopper say to the sloth?
a: Hop to it you lazy MOFO.

q: What do you get when you mix a Dog and a Rhino?
a: How would Rhino?

q: What do you call a Hispanic person holding a silenced weapon?
a: Puerto-RECON

q: What's smaller than a teenie weenie ant?
a: An ant's teenie weenie!

q: Did you hear about the fight between two deaf people?
a: Neither did they.

q: What do you call a masochist looking for a hookup?
a: Cruisin' for a bruisin'

q: Have you ever smelled Moth balls?
a: Dad: Have you ever smelled Moth balls?  Me: yes... Dad: How did you get there tiny little legs apart?!

q: What's a Rock Doves favorite music?
a: Classical

q: If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get in a plane crash who survives?
a: America Survives. 

q: what happens when a Dobbs or Firestone worker reach a certain age?
a: He re-tires

q: What's the different between England and a tea bag?
a: A tea bag last longer in the cup

q: What is Hodor's favorite cereal?
a: Raisin Bran.

q: Why was the archeologist depressed?
a: because his career was in ruins

q: What clothing designer do vampires prefer to wear?
a: Alexander Fang 

q: If Steve Rogers was a drink, what drink would he be?
a: An Iced Cap

q: How are STEM majors and inflatable slides the same?
a: You start off excited over your lofty heights and slowly slide down into something soft.

q: What's Cersei's favourite band?
a: Green Day.

q: What does Sonic say during Ramadan?
a: GOTTA GO FAST

q: Did you hear about the guy who fell into a waterhole?
a: Well, it's a deep subject. 

q: How many boring guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One

q: Who is a penguin's favorite relative?
a: His Aunt Arctica

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a drummer?
a: a pizza can feed a family of four

q: Why was the pirate fired from the babyGap?
a: For stealing the booty

q: Spider on your bed?
a: This new vitamin packed kale , gives you the energy and strength needed to burn down your house and move to a spider-free home!

q: What do you call a cheap wig?
a: A small price toupe.

q: What do you call a failing brand?
a: Calvin DeKlein. 

q: What do Spanish Muslims call their God?
a: Ollah!

q: Why doesn't Ellen have a cooking segment?
a: She's always eating out

q: How much free space does Europe have ?
a: 1 GB.

q: What do you call an antelope with 3 legs?
a: A slantelope.

q: What did the Mexican Plumber call his second son?
a: Hose B

q: How many illegals will it take to build Trump's wall?
a: Too many to document.

q: What do japanese men do when they have erections?
a: Vote

q: What has two legs and bleeds?
a: Half of your dog...I hit it with my car.

q: What do you get when you cross an onion and a donkey?
a: Most times you get an onion with a tail. But every once in a while you get a piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye.

q: Did you hear the theme song for new Lego Blade Runner?
a: Everyone's a replicant!!! Everything is cool when nobody's real!

q: Why can a man never starve in the Mohave Desert?
a: Because he can eat the sand which is there. But what brought the sandwiches there? Why, Noah sent Ham, and his descendants mustered and bred.

q: What do British girls do to hearts?
a: Brexit

q: What's ISIS favourite meal?
a: Turkey! Its the bomb!

q: What is big and hard and red and has hot sweaty dudes hanging all over it?
a: A firetruck. 

q: What did one butt cheek say to the other?
a: If we stick together, we can stop this crap!

q: Where's the best place to buy jive cheese?
a: Monterey, Jack!

q: Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with four captains?
a: She came back with a Red Snapper.

q: What happend to Tommen Baratheon?
a: He made it to kings landing

q: Why do Jewish women love circumcisions?
a: They'll get their hands on anything that's 10% off.

q: What do you call the spot on the ground just bellow the red keep?
a: King's Landing

q: What Does Potato Do?
a: Potato dribbles  one defender. Potato dribbles another defender. Potato is one on one with the goalkeeper. What does Potato do? Potato Chips

q: How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass?
a: Irresistible 

q: What do you call a make-believe country for wizards?
a: A magi nation

q: Why was the four year old boy from Sierra Leone crying?
a: He was having a midlife crisis 

q: You know why Italians hate javohas witnesses?
a: They dont like any witnesses.

q: What do you call a dead fly?
a: Flew.

q: Do you know the difference between a man and a Government Bond?
a: A man matures with time.

q: What do Ted Cruz and an impotent Japanese man have in common?
a: Neither can achieve an election

q: Why was the 4 year old African kid crying?
a: He was having a mid-life crisis.

q: What did the experienced guitarist say to the new guitarist that was nervous about playing?
a: Dont fret about it. 

q: How do you count a herd of cattle?
a: How do you count a herd of cattle? Q: How do you count a herd of cattle? A: With a cowculator.

q: What do British people call concrete?
a: Arsephalt

q: What do you say to a molecular biologist who's about to step foot into the ring?
a: Show him what you're made of!

q: Why did the vulture have to check some luggage at the gate?
a: It was only allowed one piece of carrion.

q: What comes after Brexit ?
a: BREICH

q: Have you heard of the famous cow?
a: He's legendairy

q: What's the difference between a football match and a referendum?
a: In a football match, the best team wins.

q: What do you call a dude with a nipple on his head?
a: A boob.

q: What happens when you put dick into vagina?
a: Vagdickina

q: What is UK's favorite song line?
a: "And I'll tell you all about it when I EU again"

q: What does George Bush Jr and Michael Jackson have in common?
a: Bush did 9/11 and Jackson did 9 11 year-olds.

q: How can you find out the gender of an ant?
a: Throw it in the water.  If it sinks, it's a girl ant.  If it floats, it's buoyant

q: Why don't you need birth control when having sex with shit disturbers?
a: Because they are fucking assholes.

q: Have you ever had North Korean food?
a: No? Neither have they.

q: What type of luggage only speaks in short sentences ?
a: A brief case.

q: Have you ever answered your own question?
a: Why yes, I have!

q: What can you add to any food to make it taste better?
a: The word "free"

q: Why are so many doctors Jewish?
a: Because their mothers are

q: You heard about /r/politics?
a: Or as I like to call it, "Baby's first election."

q: What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall?
a: A broken nose.

q: What does a perverted birdwatcher's list look like?
a: Bird Species - woodcock - blue tit - cock of the woods (Pileated woodpecker) - blue footed booby bird - titmouse

q: Are the Brits right?
a: Nope, the Brits left.

q: How much money does the Government pay people with autistic disorder?
a: Enough to buy a computer that can play League of Legends.

q: What do thanksgiving dinner and the refugee crisis in Europe have in common?
a: Turkey and grease

q: What do you call a file that is a petabyte in size?
a: What do you call a file that is a petabyte in size? A peta-file.

q: Why can't student loan get a girlfriend?
a: Because he is forever a loan. 

q: Why does Black Widow love sitting on Captain America's shield?
a: Because it's made out of vibranium.

q: What's Hodor's favorite cereal?
a: Raisin Bran

q: What do you get when you cross a pirate with a pedophile?
a: Aaaarrrrrrrr Kelly.

q: Why is Peter Pan's voice so high?
a: Because if someone hit your peter with a pan, you'd have a high voice too!

q: What do you say when somebody cuts in front of you in line for Vietnamese noodles?
a: Hey, pho queue, dude

q: How do you fix a car in India?
a: Get Atul to do it. 

q: What do you call a hen staring at a lettuce?
a: A chicken Caesar salad.

q: What's the difference between au jus and a jew?
a: Au jus is boiled but a jew is baked.

q: What does Hitler call a stomach ache?
a: Mein Cramps

q: How does Davey Crocket like his pie?
a: Alamode

q: Why did all of Britain stop smoking pot?
a: Because they all joined 

q: Why did the clown started his soccer career?
a: For kicks and giggles.

q: What does a vampire on a diet drink?
a: Blood Lite Thanks Jim Butcher...

q: What's the favourite beer of a jew?
a: A lager!

q: What's a astronauts favorite food?
a: Lays, because they are full of air.

q: Do strangers shit in the woods?
a: Yes. I happened, incidentally, and quite unfortunately, to turn a corner in a local forest to see a guy shitting in the woods. And I did not turn the soft bend to see his face as he was squeezing, no, I turned and saw his ass. This was public lands no more than 100 yards from a cafe and beaches where families swim. HILARIOUS!

q: Why aren't digital images of Bob Marley scalable?
a: Because they're all rasta graphics.

q: Why did the EU start downloading random stuff to it's computer?
a: It had freed up one GB of space.

q: Why was Cinderella kicked out of the football team?
a: She ran away from the ball.

q: Whats the difference between English Breakfast and Irish Breakfast tea?
a: One is still in the EU.

q: Why hadn't the law graduate and the bartender ever met?
a: The graduate never passed the bar

q: Wanna here a joke?
a: Britain's international trade now that they've left the EU

q: What did the geologist say to his girlfriend before shagging her?
a: I am going to make the bedrock. 

q: What do you call a closet full of lesbians?
a: A liquor cabinet.

q: How many mods does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call a blind dinosaur?
a: A doyouthinkhe-saurus

q: What is the difference between a whale, a shark and someone from New York?
a: I don't fucking know you tell me

q: What do you get when you combine Reddit with dry humor?
a: Circle jerky.

q: What do you call a nice Canadian meal on a colorful roof?
a: Poutina.

q: Why did the firemen go to the classroom?
a: It was a heated debate.

q: What do teenage terrorists drink?
a: Smirnoff ISIS

q: How does a Welshman find sheep in tall grass?
a: Irresistible.

q: Why are gametes best suited to advertising careers?
a: Because sex cells.

q: What drugs do cows take?
a: Cow-caine

q: Why can't America play chess?
a: They are missing 2 towers

q: How do you say "virgin" in Dutch?
a: Goodentight

q: Hey dad, did you get a haircut?
a: No son, I got all of 'em cut

q: Why did Lucy fall off the swing?
a: Jimmy pushed her... Which is a shame because she was getting used to swinging without arms.

q: What's the difference between the mailman and the priest?
a: The mailman doesn't come on Sunday.

q: What did the sperm say to the egg?
a: Nice to meet you. Wanna make a baby?

q: Why does Superman have to wait until tomorrow to fight gang violence in LA?
a: He can't face the Crips tonight.

q: How do you make a goldfish old?
a: Take away the G.

q: What did the spring peeper (frog) say to the cow?
a: Nice tits. 

q: What do Lebron James and James Brown have in common?
a: They're both nicknamed the king and they both are overrated. 

q: How can tell if there's an Italian at the cockfight?
a: He brings the duck How can you tell if there's a Sicilian at the cockfight? He bets on the duck How can you tell if the Mafia is at the cockfight? The duck wins

q: What's worse than ten children in one bucket?
a: One child in ten buckets.

q: Why don't they have showers on airplanes?
a: Because of the towel ban.

q: What do you call 4 Mexicans in quicksand?
a: quatro cinco

q: what's the difference between a pilsner and a lager?
a: I don't know any hipsters that try to dress like pilsners.

q: Why do people who drink milk struggle to walk?
a: Because they lactose.

q: How long does it take a group of Mexicans to build a building?
a: Oh look, they're done. 

q: What do you call a faucet that won't give water to gay people?
a: A sbigot.

q: Why did everyone disregard the midget's stand up routine?
a: Because puns are the lowest form of comedy.

q: What's a mostly red rainbow called?
a: A pride flag found at Orlando.

q: What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?
a: Full

q: Why did Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson have to change his diet?
a: Because his nutritionist said he had too many minerals in his system!

q: Why does Britain like tea so much?
a: Because tea leaves.

q: What do you call a Black Priest?
a: holy shit

q: Why have all Remain voters suddenly gotten so salty?
a: They don't like the taste of being the minority!

q: What is Rickon Stark's favourite band ?
a: One Direction.

q: What's black and sits at the top of stairs?
a: A paraplegic after a house fire.

q: What do you call a dog in a sub?
a: A subwoofer! Now again:  What do you call a dog in a sub?  Chinese food! 

q: Why father cheats mom?
a: Why father cheats mom?

q: What's the difference between awkward and awful?
a: Awkward is finding your mom on Tinder, awful is matching with her

q: Why jews have a big nose?
a: Because the air is free.

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew?
a: Santa Claus comes DOWN the chimney...

q: How do Asians execute white people?
a: They cut off their heads using a Gweilotine.

q: What did the feminist say when someone talked shit about their favorite SNES game?
a: YOUR CHRONO TRIGGERER ME...FUCK YOU THIS IS A FUNNY JOKEFUCKYOUIJUSTWANTYOUTOLOVEMEFUCKYOU

q: What is Rickon Stark's favourite band?
a: One Direction

q: Where is Macau located?
a: In MaFarm

q: What do you call a group of senior Japanese comedians?
a: Comic Sans

q: Did you hear about the fish that went deaf?
a: It had to buy a herring aid

q: Why was the tree in prison?
a: Because it broke every branch of the law.

q: What is a terrorist favorite Pokemon move?
a: Self-Destruct

q: What has four wheels, and flies?
a: A Garbage Truck.

q: What do you call a Penis inside a Potato?
a: A dictator

q: You know how I know we are gonna have sex?
a: I'm stronger than you!

q: Batman : Do you bleed??
a: Wonderwoman : No Batman : ugh.. You forgot to take the pill again didn't you?? 

q: why didn't the toilet paper cross the road?
a: Because it got stuck in a crack

q: Did you hear about the two men who were arrested for stealing a calendar?
a: They each got six months

q: What do you call an army of toddlers?
a: Infantry. 

q: What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
a: Waattaaah!

q: What's at the end of every movie?
a: Insert coin

q: Have you seen the German Comedian that tells nothing but jokes about Sausage?
a: I hear he's the wurst.

q: Why did the Weather channel go out of business?
a: Let me know your guesses in the comment section below

q: What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over?
a: Donuts

q: What do you call a hip Arab?
a: A chic sheik

q: wHy did the Chicken cross the road????
a: TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!!!! HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHSHAHSHSGG OH....ohh...ha haha HAHAHAHHA HAHAHAHAHAHABHAA

q: What happens when Keemstar and Ricegum have a baby?
a: He's born with Diss-lexia

q: What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Adolf Hitler?
a: Usain Bolt can finish a race.

q: How many twists does a feminist need to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. They just grab it and the world to revolve around them.

q: What did God say to Mary after impregnating her?
a: Praise the Load

q: What tunnel did Jews go through the most?
a: The Chimney.

q: What do you call a dog subbing for a music teacher?
a: A subwoofer.

q: What's an Arab's favorite car?
a: Citroen C4

q: Why did Judy Hopps find it difficult to rise in her career at the police department?
a: Because of the grass ceiling

q: What's the difference between a black man and a bench?
a: The bench can support a family of four.

q: what's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
a: Ones a crusty bus station and ones a busty crustacean!

q: What did the other traffic light say to the other traffic light?
a: Don't look! I'm changing!

q: What's the opposite of a gay bar?
a: An allahu akbar. 

q: What did Gandhi fight for?
a: Nothing, he was against violence.

q: Why was hitler's suicide such a suprise?
a: Because we did nazi it coming

q: Why did the pimp's garden dry up and die?
a: Because all of his hose had kinks.

q: Why is India surprised by the Brexit vote?
a: They didn't know you could get Britain to leave by voting.

q: Why is moving to Canada always plan B?
a: Canada deserves to be plan eh.

q: Is the EU working out?
a: It lost a few pounds this summer.

q: What's the worst thing you can do when posting a joke?
a: Accidentally hit submit before you

q: How can you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard.

q: What does the doctor say after colonoscopy?
a: See ewwww later!

q: Did you know that all milk has to be sterilized before use?
a: Prepasteurous!

q: Where do most pirates come from?
a: Arrrrgentina

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the restroom?
a: Because they're extinct 

q: What did the sheep say to the farmers crop?
a: This is baaaad. 

q: When do Jewish people believe the fetus achieves viability?
a: Not until he graduates from medical school.  Heard this one from a Jewish patient I had once. 

q: What do you get when you piss off the Avengers?
a: Nick's fury.

q: Did you hear about the new Brexit diet?
a: You do something incredibly stupid and you lose pounds fast.

q: How does a gay guy remove a condom?
a: He farts

q: How much space is left in EU?
a: 1 GB

q: What's a word that starts with "u" and ends with "w"?
a: Cloning.

q: When is a booger not a booger?
a: When it's snot.

q: How do you destroy an empire?
a: Brexit.

q: What is the capital of Greece?
a: More than the capital of the UK.

q: What do they say when batman catches a cold?
a: He's ben affleckted.

q: What do you call a Mexican that had his car stolen?
a: Carloss 

q: What did UK say while leaving?
a: It's not EU, it's me

q: Want to hear a racist joke?
a: [removed]

q: What do you get when you kiss a sick bird?
a: Cherpies.

q: Whats the difference between jews and boy scouts?
a: Boy scouts come home from camp

q: What happens when a Jew runs in to a wall with a boner?
a: His nose breaks

q: Why is Santa's sack so full?
a: He only comes once a year

q: [Gaming-Overwatch] Why couldn't the rocketeer hit her target?
a: Because they were too Phar-ah way. I'm not sorry.

q: How I broke my cat's knees?
a: With rude eyes.

q: What's the best time to go to the dentist?
a: Tooth Hurty!

q: What is the main reason people are voting for Brexit?
a: When asked if they want to be economically joined with Greece, all they can say is "eeeeuuuuuuu"

q: What do you call a pop-up book about circus clown suicides written by Animaniacs?
a: Bye Clown!!

q: What do you call a man who's always in high spirits?
a: An alcoholic.

q: What kind of concert only costs 45 cents?
a: 50 cent featuring Nickelback

q: Why is there a flap on the back of the Navy uniform?
a: So the Marine have something to hold on to.

q: what do you call a poker player taking a shit in a forest?
a: Deuces wild. 

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
a: Santa Claus goes down the chimney.

q: Where do orphans go when they're sick?
a: Obviously not the Family Doctor

q: What did the executioner say to the prisoner?
a: "Hang on a minute."

q: What do you call it if a white person robs you?
a: Capitalism

q: What's the ugliest tree in the world?
a: Yew

q: What do you call a person with no arms and no legs?
a: Fucked.

q: What long and hard thing does a Norwegian wife get on her wedding night?
a: A last name 

q: What do you get when your Grey Poupon dries out?
a: An upper crust.

q: What's the difference between my penis and my jokes?
a: Women don't laugh at my jokes.  :(

q: Where do Satanic cults get their candles from?
a: Bloodbath & Beyond

q: What's Mexico's national sport?
a: Cross country

q: What does the Captain Kirk and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both circle Uranus searching for Klingon's

q: Can you Nazi?
a: I can Nazi!

q: How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence?
a: Dye a blonde's hair.

q: Where do you go during a zombie apocalypse?
a: The living room.

q: Why did the console gamer cross the road?
a: To render the other side.

q: What did the T-Rex say when he stubbed his toe?
a: "Ouch. I'm Dino-sore!" 

q: Why did Paul Walker die?
a: His name wasn't Paul Driver.

q: What is a pirates favorite letter?
a: No, it's the C.

q: What did the Flower say to the Bees?
a: "You know you want it, Honey"

q: What did the Jew say when he got beaten?
a: "Ow-schwitz!"

q: A&P Question: What are the two primary motions in Catholic feet?
a: Genuflection and supplication

q: Why did Simba's dad die?
a: He couldn't Mufasa 

q: Why are setups to jokes so important?
a: because seven ate nine.

q: why did the blonde make her boyfriend jizz in her water every morning?
a: her doctor told her cumin in ger water would help her lose weight.

q: What do you call a cereal that boasts?
a: Cereal Boast Crunch

q: What's similar between communists and communism?
a: Neither work.

q: What did the deadhead say when he got out of rehab?
a: This music sucks!

q: What do girls fear that's big, scary, and pink?
a: The Alaskan Bull Worm. 

q: Why did the gamer and mathematician cross the road?
a: To get to 10.

q: How do you get a baby out of a blender?
a: Tortilla chips.

q: What do you call a sexually repressed bandit?
a: Rubbin' Hood

q: What's 9+10?
a: A day before bush ruins America.

q: How many liberals does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. Bush did it.

q: What do you call the urge to crack open a cold one?
a: Necrophilia.

q: What was the chicken eating pirate's favorite Elvis Presley song?
a: Yargh! "Love Me Tender," matey!

q: Why did the gamer cross the road?
a: Buy the DLC to find out

q: What does it mean when a blind girl says you have a big penis?
a: She's probably just pulling your leg!

q: Do you know why Michael J. Fox makes the best milkshakes?
a: Because he uses the best ingredients.

q: What does a arsonist and a bartender have in common?
a: For special occasions, their cocktails are on the house.

q: Why are chickens never invited to the party?
a: They are always party fowls.

q: What type of bagel can fly?
a: A plain bagel!

q: Why should you be afraid of a white guy in prison?
a: Because you know he's guilty 

q: What's the difference between a homeless man's testicle and a shot of lidocaine in the ass?
a: One is a bum nut and the other is a numb butt

q: If rivers could speak, which river would always say no?
a: Da Nile

q: What's the difference between a sandwich and a baby?
a: Doesn't matter, they both taste the same.

q: What does a robot do after a one night stand?
a: He nuts and bolts

q: What did the policeman do to his fear of the dark?
a: He shot it.

q: What is worse than biting through an apple, and finding a worm inside?
a: The picky fuckers on this website. 

q: What's the most commonly misspelt blood group?
a: Type-O

q: A: Do you miss your ex?
a: B: Yes, everytime     A: How are you going to fix that?     B: More frequent target practice

q: How do you ruin a good joke?
a: By posting it over and over on the same subreddit

q: What do you call an unconvincing stick insect?
a: Unreali-stick

q: Why do Catholic priests like Indian restaurants so much?
a: Unlimited fresh naans!

q: What is a Nazi's favorite breakfast?
a: Luftwaffles

q: What's the difference between Superman and Roman Reigns?
a: Superman's powers are all natural .

q: What is expected from ISIS women?
a: Blow jobs. 

q: What do Germans look at on the internet?
a: Danke memes

q: What is the difference between a man falling from a 2nd floor and a man falling from an 8th floor?
a: That the man that falls from the 2nd floor does:   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH; While the man falling from the 8th floor does: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH 

q: Where do ISIS fighters go to purchase soda and candy?
a: Allahu snackbar!

q: Why did the guy stick guano up his butt?
a: Cause he was batshit crazy

q: How many children does an average Belgian have?
a: Three. One in the living room, 2 chained in the basement.

q: Where did the homosexual Indian get his car fixed?
a: The Gay-Raj!

q: How do you make a dumb person curious?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow...

q: Did y'all hear the one about the tortilla song?
a: Don't have source, but now that I think about it, it may have been a rap

q: what is obamas last name?
a: OSAMA ! xDD LOL

q: What's more inbred than English monarchs?
a: Wheat.

q: What's the difference between a Northern fairy tale and a Southern fairy tale?
a: A Northern fairy tale begins with," Once upon a time." A Southern fairy tale begins with, " Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit."

q: What do you call a bagel shortage?
a: The Holocaust.

q: what do you call a dog who sits on a bench and reads his newspaper?
a: a human-dog xDDD

q: How do you persuade the US Senate to regulate the laws on guns?
a: Put them inside a woman's body.

q: What do you call a crazy Mexican dog?
a: Perronoid

q: Hey Iggy Azalea, do you consider yourself an optimist or a pessimist?
a: "First things first, I'm a realist."

q: Why do the melons have to have a traditional marriage ceremony?
a: Because they cantaloupe.

q: What's worse than getting a penis drawn on your face?
a: Knowing it was traced 

q: What is a long room with many doors called?
a: I'm not sure, I hallways forget

q: What do you call a castrated Chinese?
a: A clementine

q: Who is the best guitarist in the entire Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles universe?
a: Shredder.

q: What's the stupidest animal in the jungle?
a: The polar bear.

q: What color eyes did Kurt Cobain have?
a: Blue - One blew this way and one blew that way

q: What do you call something that makes fun of people and can fly?
a: A mocking bird!

q: What do you call a large vehicle that travels the world serving breakfast?
a: Universal cereal bus

q: How do you interrupt a vegans dinner?
a: Just turn on the sprinkler.

q: How does a Jew do the gardening?
a: He moses lawn.

q: Who was the roundest knight at the King Arthur's round table?
a: Sir Cumference

q: Whats the difference between a jew and pinochio?
a: A jew doesn't have to lie to have a big nose.

q: How do skeletons make a baby?
a: They bone 

q: What are the hardest industries for men?
a: The porn industry, if you know what I mean.

q: What's a Jew's least favorite thing about summer?
a: Going to camp. 

q: Why do hipsters burn their lips when they drink tea?
a: Because they drink it before it's cool.

q: What do asparagus and anal sex have in common?
a: If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably don't like it as an adult. 

q: What kind of tea do koalas drink?
a: Euca-lipton

q: What's a Judge's favorite drink?
a: Guil-tea!

q: What do you call a singing computer?
a: A Dell.

q: What's the difference between a sorority and a circus?
a: A circus has a cunning array of stunts

q: What is Donald Trump's most effective form of contraception?
a: His personality

q: Whats long and black?
a: The unemployment line

q: Q: What has 18 legs and catches flies?
a: A: A baseball team

q: What 3 things that tell the truth?
a: Drunk men.  Little children.  Yoga pants. 

q: Where did Budd put his clothes when they got bloody?
a: In the Dwyer.

q: What's the similarity between Donald Trump and mashed potatos?
a: They both look like overcooked potatos

q: What's Osama Bin Laden's favorite football team?
a: The New York Jets.

q: What is Fetty Wap's favorite time?
a: 5:38 PM. 

q: What's better than roses on a piano?
a: A blowjob.

q: I'masinglesexuallyfrustratedastronaut.YouknowwhatIcouldreallygofor?
a: aSpaceBar

q: What do you call a kinky spy?
a: James bondage 

q: Wanna hear a funny joke?
a: Han Solo dies

q: What did Magic Johnson give his teammates after winning an NBA title?
a: A HI-V (high five)

q: Hi Operator, Can you connect me to Steph Curry?
a: Operator: Just dial 739 Guy: I did but there's no Ring

q: What is the etymology of the word "politics"?
a: , from the Greek  , meaning "Many".  And  , from English, meaning "little bloodsucking creatures."

q: What do you call the butt end of a banana?
a: The bananus

q: What did the Middle Eastern dishwasher say when his boss asked him what he did all day at work?
a: Iraq the dishes in the dish rack and Iran the dishwasher

q: Why is the USA so bad at chess?
a: Because they are missing two towers.

q: How do chickens get strong?
a: They egg-cersize.

q: What is another name for a knife?
a: A chopstick! 

q: How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
a: A brick to the back of his head should do it.

q: how many people do you need for it to be a surprise party?
a: i mean its really good when robbing someone when you get caught 'surprise, heres the cake now bye' and he just walk out the house with the tv

q: Why was the cab driver contemplating his life?
a: Because he had nothing to chauffeur.

q: Q: How's your visit in North Korea?
a: A: Can't complain ...

q: What did the cat say when it got hurt?
a: me-OW!

q: Who cares that Bush did 9/11?
a: Its not that bad or particularly good. Its 82% that's a low "B".

q: what type of cancer do mimes get?
a: Gesticular

q: What's the difference between a pre-pickled pickle and an ice tray full of semen?
a: One of them is a cucumber and the other is a cumcuber.

q: What did one orphan say to the other?
a: "Robin, get in the Batmobile."

q: Q: What word begins with M and ends in arriage and is a mans favourite thing?
a: A: Miscarriage  This joke never gets old, just like the baby.

q: Who sang the song "my own worst enemy"?
a: Them: I think it's Lit Me: I mean I like the song but I wouldn't call it lit...

q: How do you call an extremely energetic terrorist?
a: Jihadhd warrior.

q: What spice do you find in hell?
a: SINammon (Sorry)

q: What's long, hard, and makes my ass hurt?
a: The forty mile bike ride I finished.

q: Wanna hear a racist joke?
a: Donald Trump

q: Why did the coffee taste like mud?
a: It was ground a few minutes ago.

q: How do you stop a Lion from charging?
a: have a successful dentistry practise.

q: So I went fishing with this Jesus guy. Boat started sinking. I said What do we do now?
a: He said never mind we'll walk.

q: What do pencils, poop and Golden State Warriors have in common?
a: They are all #2s.

q: Did anybody hear about Golden State?
a: They just became Silver State

q: What's a woman ideal husband?
a: An archaeologist. The older she gets the more interested he becomes.

q: how do you make something small warm when it only responds to gestures?
a: with a microwave 

q: Why did Tigger look down the toilet?
a: To find Pooh!

q: What do you call a lad that put on his glasses?
a: Seymour.

q: How do Chinese people know what to name their children?
a: After the last dog they just ate. 

q: What does a parrot named Larry talk about?
a: Vocabulary

q: [Dirty] How does Leia spend Father's Day?
a: Riding Solo

q: Where do shoes receive their military training?
a: Boot Camp

q: How does a pregnant black woman fight crime?
a: Abortion

q: How did the quadriplegic cross the road?
a: No seat belt.

q: Why can't owls breed in the rain?
a: It's too wet to woo.

q: How do french thank who save their files?
a: Merci backup.

q: How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day?
a: Solo

q: What did one bird say to the other bird when he played five aces in a poker game?
a: Cheat, cheat, cheat.

q: What do you call an asthmatic vampire?
a: Vlad The Inhaler. 

q: How do you know when the Star Wars characters are safe?
a: Because they got Chewbacca 

q: Why don't orphans play baseball?
a: They don't know where home is.

q: Why was Hitler so mean?
a: Because he was a sauerkraut.

q: what's the definition of confusion?
a: Fathers day in Detroit. 

q: Who makes the most money from Father's Day?
a: My psychologist.

q: What's the most confusing day in Harlem?
a: Father's Day.

q: What do you call conjoined twins with the same name?
a: Sharron.

q: What cheese do you use to coax a bear out of its cage?
a: Camembert

q: What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event?
a: Cross country

q: Wanna know what 80 year old pussy tastes like?
a: Depends

q: What did the reporter say to the Jew when a Mexican yelled: "Heil Hitler"?
a: Anne Frankly, I did Nazi that Juan coming.

q: How many Hillary Clintons does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Three - One to screw it in, one to say we don't need to screw it in, and one to say we do need to screw it in.

q: What did Joe Hill say when someone asked if he was Joe King?
a: "No, I'm dead serious."

q: Tits man or arse man?
a: "Tits man or arse man?" I was asked. I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.

q: What is Nemo's favorite drink?
a: Nemonade

q: What did cinderella do when she reached the ball?
a: She choked. 

q: What is a terrorists favourite dessert?
a: Ice is

q: Why did the alligator go to Disney World?
a: To get some tots!

q: Is it ok to hate a certain race?
a: I am fine with 5km races but marathons just do my head in.

q: What is the difference between period blood and sand?
a: You can't gargle sand!

q: Did you hear about the guy who opened a cheese store in Israel?
a: He called it "Cheeses of Nazareth".

q: Why do you have to separate red shirts when you put them into the laundry?
a: Because red shirts die easily.

q: Can you people please stop being so condescending and passive-aggressive?
a: Thanks!

q: What do you say when you're comforting a grammar nazi?
a: There,Their,They're

q: How do you guys feel about that new drug-resistant superbug?
a: It makes me sick. 

q: What do you call two doctors with the same career?
a: Pair of medics.

q: What did the lawyers say when they finished their basketball game?
a: Court is adjourned

q: Which is the quickest way to make someone lose?
a: The game.

q: Why does the Egyptian god Ra own every Periodic Table?
a: Because his name is on them.

q: How can you tell, with 100% certainty, that no intelligent alien life exists that we know of?
a: Because if it did, we'd have sent foreign aid by now.

q: What's the hardest part of roller blading?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: How did the muslim get cancer?
a: By smoking a lot of fags.

q: Why does a stork stand on one leg?
a: If he didn't, he would fall.

q: What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?
a: It's "popcorn"! What were you thinking?!

q: Whats yellow and lives off dead beetles?
a: Yoko Ono.

q: Do you know what is the straw that broke the camel's back?
a: It's a common idiom, meaning that a small action results in a much larger reaction due to the cumulated effect of previous small actions. It's really common, you should know this...

q: Did you hear about the new sex app to help men get laid?
a: They call it iBone 

q: What did the tailor say to his customer after shortening the length of his pants?
a: A-hem!

q: Why does John Cena set his alarm at 1:59?
a: So he can kick out at 2.

q: What do you call two Mormons caught in the rain?
a: Washing your whites on a rinsed cycle.

q: What does a plankton name its dog?
a: Phyto.

q: Hans, are you a nazi?
a: Nein...

q: What's a doll in Hell called?
a: Barbiecue.

q: Why aren't there any mexicans in star trek?
a: They don't work in the future either.

q: Why does a 6 oz hamburger have less energy than a 6 oz steak?
a: Because the hamburger is in the ground state.

q: Do you know how to access gay porn?
a: Press "C : ENTER : ###"

q: Why are there so many gay people in Sweden?
a: Sweden is HOMOgenous

q: What do you call a conservative Matthew McConaughey?
a: All right all right all right.

q: Why did the golfer wear two pants?
a: He got a hole in one

q: What do you do to a scientist after he dies?
a: You Barium.

q: Spanish? Feel tired in the afternoons?
a: There's a nap for that.

q: Why do men like breasts so much?
a: They prove men can concentrate on two things at once. 

q: What do retards wear on their heads?
a: Handicaps

q: Why do health magazines targeting hypochondriacs have so much trouble maintaining subscriber levels?
a: Because none of their readers believe them when they receive a warning that it's their final issue.

q: What is the most important object in a bodybuilders' karaoke?
a: The macrophone

q: What does an electrician say when he's confused?
a: Watt?!

q: Do you want to make a small fortune?
a: Start with a large fortune and open a restaurant.

q: What's the difference between Java and JavaScript?
a: Java and JavaScript are similar in the same way car and carpet are.

q: Why did jimmy eat his Homework?
a: Because the previous day, the teacher told her students; "Don't worry guys, it's gonna be a piece of cake". 

q: What do you call a Mexican rolling in sand?
a: A churro.

q: What do Dale Earnhardt and Adolf Hitler have in common?
a: They both died before finishing a race.

q: Did you hear about the Chinese brother's that tried to start a German Empire?
a: Turns out two Wongs don't make a Reich.

q: What did the tin man say after he was ran over by a steamroller?
a: "Curses! Foil again!"

q: Why Trump will not build the wall after all?
a: He realizes that it has to be a one-way wall! All Mexicans should be able to get out but no one should be coming in. Technology to build a one-way wall is not there yet.

q: What did the acorn say when it grew up?
a: Geometry 

q: How do you pick up a gay man in Orlando?
a: With a body bag.

q: WHAT'S BETTER THAN A ROADMAN!!!!!!???
a: A ROADMAP!!!

q: Did you hear the one about the deaf guy?
a: Neither did he

q: How can you tell if a gay guy is dead?
a: Check the Pulse

q: What do you call a female God?
a: A. Shesus B. Godess C. Nun of the above (Im new so this is probably pretty bad)

q: How does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls?
a: Test tickles

q: What did Neo say when Morpheus said: "You've been living in a dreamworld Neo"?
a: I noe

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon?
a: Well the first noticeable difference is that the watermelon tastes better. 

q: Why is Amumu always sad?
a: It's because he isn't unique. There's always amumu here and amumu there, here a mu, there a mu, everywhere amumu. 

q: Why do SJWs hate Pong?
a: It's a wildly successful game that only has straight, white main characters (I stole this joke from somewhere but am not allowed to say where)

q: How many Hitlers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Nein

q: What does a crappy Carpenter make?
a: Loose stools

q: What did the English teacher write when she needed to borrow money?
a: An AE I.O.U.  P.S. Im proud of this one :3

q: How do you stop a 200 pound hamster from charging?
a: Take away it's credit cards.

q: What is the unit of power?
a: Yes.

q: How did the Sex Ed teacher explain buttsex to her students?
a: She used an analogy

q: What do you call a sarcastic Canadian cow?
a: Cowlin Mockery 

q: What do you call it when a lizard can't get it up?
a: Ereptile disfunction

q: What do you call an Italian with two broken hands?
a: Mute

q: How do cows do math?
a: A cow-culator. haha haha ha ... ok, I'll leave.

q: Whats the difference between men and women when watching video?
a: The phrase I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film. usually has a completely different meaning.

q: Why did it take a strong thief to steal a manhole cover?
a: Because only he could pull it off.

q: What is atheism?
a: A non-prophet religion Edit: Replace the word "religion" with "set of beliefs" if you're picky about that sort of thing 

q: How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Salmon

q: What would Martin Luther King Jr. be if he were white?
a: Alive

q: Ever hear about the optimist that was getting eaten by a lion?
a: He managed to get out of the beast, but he looked like shit.

q: What smells funny?
a: Clown poo!

q: What does amnesia mean?
a: Someone told me but I forgot.

q: Why did Fetty Wap chose that as his stage name?
a: Because he wanted to make $50K per day from ad revenue.

q: What do 6.28 people eat?
a: 2 

q: [racist] What form of humor is nonexistent in black culture?
a: Dad jokes

q: How tall is a penguin?
a: A man rushes into a bar and screams at the bartender, "How tall is a penguin?" The bartender looks at him weirdly and says, "Excuse me?" The man repeats, "How tall is a penguin?" The bartender motions with his hands. "Uh, about this high." The color drains from the man's face as he says, "Oh shit I just ran over a nun."

q: did you hear about the Pervy shepherd??
a: he kept mountain goats.....

q: Which country do doctors hate?
a: any

q: You hear the one about the default subreddits...?
a: This joke is answered by the Wiki or by Searching.

q: What's the opposite of progress?
a: congress.

q: Why are stick people extinct?
a: Because you can't rub two sticks together you get fire.

q: What do you call a tortoise in a shell suit?
a: A tortoise.

q: What do you call a cantaloupe who can't elope?
a: A cantaloupe. The spelling is completely different... 

q: Why does Piglet stink so bad?
a: Cause he always plays with Pooh.

q: Did you hear about the cow who couldn't give milk?
a: She was an udder disappointment.

q: Do you have oxygen and potassium?
a: Because you seem OK.  I'm not sorry

q: What did the drunk penis say to the vagina?
a: (warning this is an old ass joke I either found or made up, can't remember, but my friend did post this on his instagram after our conversation over it) "I'm cummin' for ya!"

q: How do you view gays? How do you View lesbians?
a: Me-How do you view gays? person- ehh, whatever they don't affect me Me- Same here Me- How do you view Lesbians? Person-Samething, they dont affect me Me- I view them in HD!

q: Did you hear that joke about mosquitoes?
a: it's malarious.

q: Which program do Jedi use to open PDF-files?
a: Adobe Wan Kenobi

q: Why am I against Donald Trump's wall idea?
a: It will make fleeing to Mexico more difficult when he ruins our country.

q: What's the difference between your job and your wife?
a: Nobody does your job for you when you're out

q: What do you call a male cow with no legs?
a: Disabulled.

q: What's Donald's new reality show going to be called?
a: The Amazing Racist.

q: What's the hard part about breaking up with a Japanese person?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice so they get the message

q: What did the duck say to the cashier after buying some red lipstick?
a: Just put it on my bill

q: What's the difference between Ronald McDonald and The Joker?
a: The Joker only killed people in Gotham City.

q: What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
a: I never had a garbanzo bean in my mouth!

q: What did the Mexican say when his house collapsed on him?
a: Hey, get off me homes !

q: Why should you never buy golf equiptment made in New Jersey?
a: Because New Jersey drivers are terrible

q: What's a Korean's favourite take on a traditional British meal?
a: German Shepherd pie.

q: What is Lil Wayne's favorite food?
a: Caesar salad

q: What do you call a sketchy neighbourhood in Italy??
a: A Spaghetto. 

q: Why are all the archaeologists single?
a: Because they cant find dates

q: Whats another meaning for a women?
a: Finger puppet 

q: What brand of shoes does a paranoid person wear?
a: Sketchers

q: Why do mermaids wear bras?
a: To cover up their Ariel-as.

q: How did the hipster burn his tongue?
a: He drank his coffe before it was cool.

q: How did the hipster drown?
a: By swimming in the main stream.

q: How did El Chapo explain his income to the IRS?
a: "Soy cheapo."

q: Why couldn't Miss Miller find the bug in her class?
a: She couldn't see sharp.

q: What were the redditor's last thoughts at suicide-bomber camp?
a: Wow, this really blew up, thanks guys!

q: What Do You Call A Struggling Artist?
a: A Fartist

q: Did you hear about the couple's resort that burned down?
a: Not a single person died.

q: Why would John F. Kennedy make a horrible boxer?
a: Because he can't take a shot to the head.

q: Can I major in Life Hacks?
a: Why not,  I've already got two degrees that could be less useful.

q: Want to be hot?
a: Set yourself on fire.. (Please nobody actually do this)

q: Did you know Jesus was gay?
a: He was nailed by a bunch of guys.

q: Why did the chemist join the Pentecostal church?
a: He wanted to speak in tungsten.

q: How do you find a drug dealer donkey?
a: Just follow his coke mules.

q: Did you hear about the camper who refused to wake up?
a: He was intent on sleeping in. 

q: Why do white people's feet get so dirty?
a: They walk on the sins of their ancestors. 

q: What do lawyers wear to court?
a: Law suits!

q: What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking?
a: You slow down and use lube (   )

q: What's the difference between an "Ooh" and an "Aah"?
a: About 5 inches.

q: What does Iron Butterfly put in their margaritas?
a: It's agave tequila, honey.

q: Where do lions go if they lose their tails ?
a: To the re-tail store. :D

q: Whats The Difference Between A Pick-Pocketer And A Peeping Tom?
a: One snatches watches, and the other watches snatches!

q: What do you call it when a glum man gets crushed to death?
a: Depressed.

q: What's the difference between drunk people and black people?
a: Drunk people are found   bars. Black people are found   them.

q: What do you call an Ape that's afraid of heights?
a: A chimp-pansy. This is my go to primatology joke. 

q: Is it just me or am I the only one who enjoys solitary confinement?
a: Hello?

q: Why did the cosmonaut forget to pack extra underwear?
a: Because he was Russian.

q: What is a crow's favorite band?
a: MetalliCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW 

q: What do you call Mexican Almonds?
a: Diaz Nuts

q: What does 100% humidity mean?
a: Even dry farts feel like wet farts.

q: What does the Muslim ghost say?
a: Boom. 

q: I make you wet and naked people turn me on. What am I?
a: A shower

q: How do you measure how sad someone is?
a: With a blues scale 

q: What did the Muslim say when he entered the Gay Bar?
a: Shots for Everyone!!!

q: Where do crows go to buy groceries?
a: Kroger

q: Why can't an Indian dress well?
a: Because then he'd be a Thai!

q: How does a neckbeard greet a tree?
a: 'Good day, m'hogany'

q: what does the Jewish pedophile say to an elementary school kid?
a: Hey kid, want to buy some candy?

q: Do you want to have patience?
a: Wait

q: What is the worst part about the Orlando massacre?
a: Finding out that your son was gay.

q: What's the difference between a white blood cell and a gay-bar massacre?
a: One is a phagocyte and the other is a fag-o-cide...

q: Hey did you hear about the Orlando shooting?
a: Yeah I'm surprised more of them didn't get out, most of them would have already had their shit packed.

q: What do you call imitation Vietnamese noodle soup?
a: Faux. 

q: Did you hear the joke about the gorilla?
a: Apparently, it's not for kids.

q: Did you hear about the wanking robot?
a: He pulled himself apart

q: What do me and my fridge have in common?
a: Were both empty inside and weigh a tonne

q: Why does little Timmy keep throwing up gang signs?
a: Because he ate too much of them.

q: How do you endanger the fly species?
a: Slap an African child.

q: What is the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump?
a: One is a cartoon character with a hot temper and the other is a duck.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic girl that developed bulimia?
a: She ate a big meal then went to the bathroom and stuck her thumb up her ass.

q: What'd ya call 50 n*ggers at the bottom of the ocean?
a: A good start. P.S: N*ggers=Naggers. I hate those guys. What did you think?? ;)

q: Did you see the movie about oil and water?
a: It's immiscible.

q: Three beans travelled around Australia together, where was their final destination?
a: In Cairns. 

q: Whats the hardest part about rollerblading?
a: Telling your parents your gay.

q: How do you make a napkin dance?
a: You put a little boogie in it.

q: What do a yoga instructor and a Mexican restaurant that only serves water have in common?
a: No ms te! 

q: Have you ever smelled mothballs before?
a: I'm just wondering because I'm having trouble getting their little legs open.

q: Why can't the hydraulic press guy bring himself to crush a can of sprite?
a: Because it's soda pressing 

q: How do you kill a retard?
a: Give him a knife and say "who's special?"

q: What do you call a mass that birds attend?
a: A church tree  (birch tree)

q: Did you hear the one about Hellen Keller?
a: Well neither did she. 

q: What begins with P ends with E and has thousands of letters?
a: The Post Office

q: What do you call a gay drive by?
a: A fruit rollup.

q: How do you turn a duck into a R&B Soul artist?
a: Put it in the oven until it's Bill Withers.

q: Did you hear about the shooting at the Dyslexic makeup factory?
a: It was a total mascara.

q: Which traffic sign allows you to make a U-turn on a highway in the US?
a: Welcome to Louisiana

q: How do you know the high heel was invented by men?
a: Who else invents things?

q: Why does Obama keep referring to the islamic state as ISIL?
a: It's common practice for parents to choose the name for their children.

q: Want to hear a good joke?
a: A good joke.

q: Where do Jews buy their clothes?
a: JC Penny

q: How do Australian bees please the queen bee?
a: They bee hive

q: what did the melon say to the cookie?
a: nothing, melons can't talk

q: What degree did the butt get?
a: A Master of Fine Farts

q: What does the L in Samuel L Jackson stand for?
a: Motherfucker

q: How many pollsters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One, plus or minus one.

q: Why did the retarded kid finger his butthole with McDonalds tomato sauce?
a: because he's retarded

q: What do gay people call each other on?
a: Homophones.

q: What did the blind, one-legged retarded kid get for Christmas?
a: cancer

q: How do you know when you're lonely?
a: When 90% of your search history is ASMR videos.

q: How are a gay man and a microwave different?
a: The microwave doesn't brown my meat.

q: What is the river of negation called?
a: The Nile

q: What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
a: Ten-ish.

q: What do you call 5 gay people walking one way?
a: One Direction

q: What do you get when you inject a goat with human DNA?
a: A ban from the petting zoo.

q: What do sharks eat for lunch?
a: Fish and ships.

q: What did one French Guy say to another French Guy?
a: "Bonjour, je m'apelle Guy aussi!" ("Hello, I am called Guy as well!")

q: How many Police Officers does it take to push a black man down the stairs?
a: None. He 'fell'.

q: How do you get certified as an interior decorator?
a: You don't pull out

q: How many Bernie supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One to hold the lightbulb, and the rest of the world to revolve around them

q: Boy scout: Sir, I found a snake, is it poisonous?
a: Me: Not unless it's named Ted Cruz

q: how many kids with A.D.D does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: let's go ride bikes.

q: Why can't Chinese people tie their shoes?
a: I would love to tell you, but I am afraid the answer is a little bit lacist.

q: What did the Kiwi say to the Statue?
a: Statue bro?

q: What happens when a dragon vapes?
a: Chemtrails.

q: How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced?
a: A buccaneer.

q: What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?
a: Run like hell, she's got a grenade in her mouth

q: What do you get when you cross /r/news with /r/getmotivated?
a: The_Donald

q: What do toys and boobs have in common?
a: They're both made for kids, but dad ends up playing with them.

q: How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: THAT'S NOT FUNNY!

q: What has 125 teeth and prevents a savage beast from escaping?
a: My zipper.

q: What did the motivational speaker say to the duct?
a: You conduit!

q: Did you hear about the man whose entire left side got cut off?
a: I heard he's all right. 

q: What do you call a bus that identifies with no gender?
a: A transit

q: What's a cherry's favorite sex position?
a: on top

q: How does Davy Crockett like his pie?
a:  la Mode

q: Howcome you can't see elephants hiding in trees?
a: Because they're very good at it.

q: Why was there no food left at the Halloween party?
a: Because everyone was a goblin

q: A man walks into a bar and kills 50 people. Who do you think cares?
a: Nobody. They're too angry at the mods at   to care. 

q: What do you call a person who teaches you how to fart?
a: A tutor.

q: What do you call a Jewish baby in the womb?
a: A bun in the oven.

q: How many servers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: That's not my side work! How many cooks does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Fuck that, 86 light bulbs!

q: What does Kanye West call Kim Kardashian when she has a yeast infection?
a: Yeasty I'll show myself out

q: What did they call the sugar that went to space?
a: Intergalactose

q: Do you want to hear a pizza joke?
a: Nevermind, it's too cheesy...

q: Why did nobody in the Orlando nightclub fight back?
a: They weren't thinking straight.

q: What's Texas foreplay?
a: Get in the truck bitch.

q: Ever wondered why written jokes about mailmen are generally unfunny?
a: They are all about delivery.

q: How do you fuck someone up and get away with it?
a: You dose their drink with 250 micrograms DMT

q: Do you know why Abraham Lincoln never committed a crime?
a: Because he was always 

q: What do you call a skeleton who just had anesthesia?
a: A numbskull

q: Why were the dinosaurs so big?
a: Because Jurassic times call for Jurassic measures

q: Bread lovers of Reddit, how do you tell your "Sandwich Artist" that they got your order wrong?
a: Oops, wrong sub

q: What do you call two Wii Us?
a: Wii W.

q: How many Fat Acceptance Movement activists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: You don't need to change your bulb. Light or heavy, you are beautiful and worthy of acceptance. 

q: What do you call a dog magician?
a: A labracadabrador! I am not sorry.

q: what is the largest dillema for jews?
a: free ham

q: What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
a: Pull the pin and throw it back.

q: What's Keemstar's pornstar name?
a: Creamstar.

q: What happens when a lamppost breaks?
a: Sorry, repost

q: Why does it always seem like models' hair is blowing in the wind?
a: They have big fans.

q: What's the difference between prostitutes and onions?
a: I cry when I cut onions

q: What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common?
a: They're both old.

q: What do you call an action of copyright law against a ghost?
a: An exor- .

q: What's the opposite of a pharmacist?
a: A harmacist

q: What do you call a white guy in an abusive relationship?
a: Whipped cream.

q: Why do Italians throw pizza onto the field after they win a match?
a: Because they rain supreme.

q: What do women and fly wire have in common?
a: The more you bang them, the looser they get.

q: How many /r/news mods does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. They like to keep their subscribers in the dark.

q: What do you call a stoned reptile?
a: A rockodile.

q: What's the definition of "de javu"?
a: Jokes on 

q: What goes down but never comes up?
a: The   sub count.

q: What's the longest time in which you haven't consumed alcohol?
a: My record is 21 years.

q: How can you tell if a gay person is dead?
a: Check pulse

q: What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws?
a: Outlaws are wanted

q: What's the best part about getting a puppy?
a: Getting new shoes every week.

q: How do you find Will Smith in a snow storm?
a: Just check for fresh prince 

q: Why was the mechanic sad he had to replace a wheel bearing?
a: It was da-press-in.

q: How do Hawaiians subtly enjoy a bad joke?
a: with a low "ha"

q: How do you know your S&M partner works in IT?
a: They insist your safe word has an upper case letter, a lower case letter, and at least one number.

q: What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common?
a: When you're done with the breast and thighs,  the only thing left is a greasy box to put your bone in

q: ELI5: What is it like to mod r/news?
a: This thread has been locked.  You will unable to vote or comment.

q: What do you call a cow with only three legs?
a: A wonky.

q: Have you ever tried Ethiopian food?
a: Neither have they

q: Why were Popeye's forearms so big?
a: Because Olive Oyl was saving herself for marriage.

q: Did you hear the new Whitney Houston album?
a: It didn't make much of a splash.

q: What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and the Titanic?
a: Ones full of dead semen and the other one is the Titanic 

q: What genre is fish-created music?
a: Eel-ectronic music. 

q: What do you call a rich Arab man?
a: Profit Muhammad.

q: Did you here that Donald Trump wants to ban canned parmesan cheese?
a: He wants to make America grate again. 

q: Why can't Mexico field a good Olympic team?
a: Because everyone that can run, jump or swim is already here in the US.

q: Whats the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom?
a: a pickpocket snatches watches

q: Did you hear about Linda Lovelace's grandmother?
a: She went down on the Titanic.

q: Why do they put half of the instructions in Spanish?
a: It drives me crazy. I feel like I am missing out on important information. They should put the whole thing in one language.

q: What does Obama call illegal immigrants?
a: Undocumented Democrats

q: What do you call it when your having sex with a smart girl?
a: Being in-genious 

q: What did the tree say while it was being transplanted?
a: Wheeeeeeeee!!!!!

q: What does a Jamaican do when he sees a spaceman?
a: He parks his car, man. 

q: Hey, wanna take part in a non-consensual sex scene?
a: NO.  "That's the spirit!" (   )

q: What's the difference between telling a good joke and sex?
a: Dunno. I'm pretty shit at both. 

q: Why do Scottish men wear kilts?
a: Because their sheep can hear zippers.

q: What's an Asian pirate's favorite exercise class?
a: Pilates

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who was late to dinner?
a: Yeah, he got the cold shoulder.

q: Do you have aspergers?
a: Because you make bad hamburgers!

q: What do you call it when some Israelis find a genie in the desert?
a: A djinn and Jews. 

q: [Meta] the hell is farcraft?
a: In the sidebar it shows something about  , wtf is this

q: why don't black people go on cruises?
a: Because they already fell for that shit once.

q: How does a ninja shop for groceries?
a: No one knows.

q: When do you use duct tape on a duck?
a: When he's quacked.

q: What did the blonde's mom say before the blonde's date?
a: If you are not in bed by 12, come home.

q: How did the sailor deal with the death of his friend?
a: He sent out a message in remorse code. 

q: Girls from England?
a: A guy walks into a bar and hears two women speaking in a British accent.  He asks, "Are you ladies from England?"  One says to him "No, it's Wales, you idiot!"  So, then the guy says, "Okay, sorry.   So, are you two whales from England?"

q: What's the difference between Texas and stupid?
a: Nothing.

q: what do you call sick gun safety?
a: A tissue

q: How do you know if an Italian person is mute?
a: When you see he has no hands.

q: What do you call a guy who falls into a Yellowstone hot spring?
a: Stew.

q: What does a pedophile and a tortoise have in common?
a: They both want to get there before the hare.

q: What's the difference between Paul walker and my PC?
a: I give a shit when my PC crashes.

q: What are cats' natural predators?
a: Cars.

q: What do you call six gay people at an amusement park?
a: Six Fags

q: Why should you be scared of a white man in prison?
a: Because you know he is actually guilty. Credit to   for the joke!

q: You know what's the biggest turn off for me?
a: Consent.

q: How did the farmer find his wife?
a: He tractor down

q: What's the difference between Jesus and picture of Jesus ?
a: It takes only one nail to hold the picture up

q: Why is Klezmer music so addictive?
a: Once you Hava Nagila, you'll want another! 

q: How do snipers communicate online?
a: FaZebook.

q: What did the dominatrix say after she spanked the wrong slave?
a: Whoops, wrong sub

q: What's a Pirates worst nightmare?
a: A sunken chest and no booty

q: What kind of church music do they sing in Finland?
a: FINNISH HYMN!

q: Where are Goblins from?
a: A kid watches Lord of the Rings, and asks his cousin. "Where are goblins from?" The cousin says they are mischievous English spirits that go around harassing people. Thinking about it, the boy says, "So where do trolls come from?" The cousin says, "Reddit."

q: Why are sergeants so successful in physical contests?
a: Three stripes, you rout.

q: What do you throw a drowning aboriginal?
a: His wife and kids

q: Do you know why police dogs are called the K-9?
a: Because if it were called the K-10, they would be police cats

q: Did you guys hear that Donald Trump met with the Bilderberg group?
a: They are the Buildawall group now.

q: Why do they call wood carving "whittling"?
a: Because you start with a bigger piece of wood, and you make it whittler.

q: What's the difference between an awl and a saw?
a: An awl don't have teeth, but ASSAAAA DUUUUU

q: How do fish get high?
a: Seaweed

q: What do you call a fear of chainsaws?
a: Logic.

q: What is the gender of Iron Man?
a: Fe Male

q: Why do pirates like birthday parties?
a: Doubloons.

q: What is a Jewish dilemma ?
a: Free ham.

q: What do you call a show about The Donald winning the presidency?
a: Orange is the New Black

q: How do weathermen get up a mountain?
a: They climate

q: Did you hear Kimbo Slice died?
a: Yea, a little kid fell into his ring so they shot him.

q: What is the 1# killer of men and women over 80?
a: Pulling the plug.

q: What does Sonic say on the first day of Ramadan?
a: Gotta go fast!

q: What is a name for a female lawyer?
a: Sue

q: What's the difference between a a women's track team and a tribe of pygmy's?
a: One is a cunning bunch of runts and the the is a running bunch of.....nevermind. 

q: What seperates black people and white people?
a: The prison bars.

q: What do you call a dog with an amputated leg?
a: Yard stick.

q: What do Microsoft updates and Brock Turner have in common?
a: They install at night, while you are asleep, without consent.

q: Why was the Boy having trouble finding power in the Cul-de-sac?
a: There was no outlet

q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton, and your ex wife?
a: At least your ex wife only wanted half your stuff. Hillary wants all of it.

q: What does a stoner order at a mexican restaurant?
a: carne asuuuuhhduuh

q: Why are boats being driven into the side of the lake?
a: It's ram a dam

q: What has four letters, but a long sentence?
a: Rape.

q: Why did all the Black people move to Detroit?
a: Because they heard there were no jobs there.

q: What country makes the most milk?
a: Nepal

q: If a nuclear bomb was to Attack near you in 2 minutes, what would you do?
a: wake up my wife and kids and watch the show. Realistically, any action would be futile anyway :D

q: Are You a Gorilla Exhibit?
a: Because I want to drop a baby in you. 

q: What do you call a mentally challenged Jew?
a: Auschwistic

q: Who circles a dying gost in the desert?
a: ghost buzzards

q: How can you tell if a black man has been using your computer?
a: It won't be there

q: Q.How do we know there are so many environmentalists on reddit?
a: A. Because everyone keep recycling the same jokes

q: TOO MUCH PROTEIN?
a: No whey mate

q: Why did the gay man vote for Trump?
a: He was the biggest dick in the race.

q: What happens to grapes when you step on them?
a: They wine.

q: What do you call a Muslim father who works at a supermarket?
a: a Baghdad

q: How can you tell if a black women is pregnant?
a: Put a tampon in her, take it out and see if the cottons picked off. 

q: Why do Asians prefer Sony?
a: Because it's a stereo type

q: Do twins have the same size penis?
a: It's a valid question. I'm sleeping with one and really hope the other brother is doing better

q: Why did the Trump campaign order its followers to destroy all fax machines?
a: They thought it was spelled "facts."

q: What's the best part about fingering a gypsy on her period?
a: Getting your palms red at the same time.

q: Why did the brothel run out of money?
a: Why did the brothel run out of money? Because all of the investors pulled out. 

q: You know what's weird?
a: I've never seen any femail boxes.

q: What has three feet but no legs?
a: A yardstick.

q: Quick question to the Game of Thrones fans, who knows the origins of "fual"?
a: Brand warged into him while he was at a whore house. "Fuck them all"

q: What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl?
a: With a broom and a dustpan.

q: What do you call a sleeping prisoner?
a: Under a-rest.

q: What do you call an elephant on drugs?
a: Tranquilized.

q: Found a dead box turtle on the trail. You know how I knew it was dead?
a: It had rigor-tortoise

q: What did the deer say when he left the gay bar?
a: I can't believe I blew 50 bucks!

q: What do you call sandman when he robs you?
a: THAT SON OF A BEACH ROBBED ME!

q: Knock Knock Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who?
a: Dishes Sean Connery.

q: What's white, black, and can smell fear?
a: deez nuts. 

q: Do you know the difference between curtain and toilet paper?
a: -Do you know the difference between curtain and toilet paper? -No... -GUYS, HE DID IT!

q: Why are members of the American Transplant Foundation similar to rapists?
a: They both put organs in people.

q: What do you call a masseuse that only massages men?
a: A misogynist.

q: Why do Ninjas always wear black?
a: The skilled ones don't.

q: What do you call one referee who tattles on another referee?
a: A whistle blower 

q: What do you call a menagerie of dogs with overactive bowels?
a: A Shih Tzu. 

q: [science] Where do mushrooms go to university?
a: The mycollege.

q: Why do a lot of tech recruiters have herpes?
a: Because they look for contributors to open sores.

q: As a North Korean, you know what really grinds my gears?
a: Nothing. Kim Jong Un's engineering is perfect, just like my life.

q: How does Jesus make his coffee?
a: Hebrews it.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a dollar?
a: I would actually care if I lost 6 million dollars. Creds to Khai

q: Hey girl, is your dad in jail?
a: Because if I was your dad, I'd be in jail too.

q: Which Game of Thrones character doesn't stink ?
a: Bran He is Hodorless

q: What do you call a trapped fly in a frying pan of stir fry?
a: Your mum

q: Whats the difference between My computer and Paul Walker?
a: I give a Fuck when my computer crashes

q: How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Three. One to hold the light bulb do and two to spin the chair

q: What did one ovary say to the other one?
a: What did one ovary say to the other one? "Did you order any furniture?" "No. Why?" asked the other. "Cause there's two nuts out there trying to deliver an organ."

q: Do you want to play the PNG government drinking game?
a: Every time there's a student protest, you take 100 shots.

q: What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Painter?
a: Mohammed Dali

q: Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
a: To get to the bottom 

q: What do nature and dogs have in common?
a: They both abhor a vacuum.

q: Why was the cemetery plot salesman upset?
a: Business was dead.

q: What's worse than a dead muskrat under your piano?
a: A diseased beaver on your organ.

q: How does Sean Connery shave?
a: Ctrl+esh

q: Why'd the monkey fall out of the tree?
a: Because he was drunk Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree? He was tied to the first one Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree? Peer Pressure 

q: What do you get when you add root beer to a square cup?
a: Beer.

q: What do Muslims and the BBC have in common?
a: They both cover up for pedophiles. 

q: How easy is it to get a song stuck in your head?
a: It's only a weem away.

q: Where do psychopaths shop?
a: In sainsburys   

q: What do you tell a man with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, he's been told twice already.  (And be cool, if you get the reference keep quiet and let em wonder.)

q: What is the difference between a cat and a comma?
a: Cats have claws at the end of their paws, and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.

q: What kind of cars do jedis drive?
a: A toy-

q: Who makes the best fried chicken?
a: Crispin Glover.

q: What's the difference between a Priest and a Wristwatch?
a: A priest's hands stop at 10.

q: What do you call cheese that's not yours?
a: Colby Jack's. 

q: Did you hear about the butcher who backed into the meat grinder?
a: He got a little behind in his work

q: What do you call a ford on top of a hill?
a: A lie

q: What is Beethoven's favorite food?
a: Ba-Na-Na-NAAAAAAAAAAAA

q: What do you call a beauty pageant for cartographers and magicians?
a: Miss Direction.

q: What did Muslim sonic say on June 5?
a: Gotta go fasting! LOL

q: What's the difference between a PC gamer and a console player?
a: One spends 400 dollars on a console that will play games for years, the other pays 400 dollars for a graphics card that will be outdated in a week

q: You want to hear a joke?
a: Your gullibility.

q: Where do Wildlings get their clothes?
a: North of the Wal-Mart

q: What did the borg say to the medieval peasant?
a: Resistance if feudal

q: What religion believes in the Big Bang?
a: Islam.

q: Wanna join a group sex?
a: A guy comes up to his friend with an offer.  - I am organizing a group sex event. Do you want to participate?  - Who is on the list?  - Four people: I, my wife, you and your wife.  - Hell no! I don't agree!  - OK, then I remove you from the list...

q: Why is the quadratic formula so cool?
a: Because it has 'ac'. 

q: Why can't bicycles stand up on their own?
a: Because they're two tired

q: Isn't it annoying when the first line of a post is the same as the title?
a: Isn't it annoying when the first line of a post is the same as the title?

q: Have you ever seen those documentaries of people who clean themselves like cats?
a: They are fascinating to watch, though they typically only ever clean each other's genitals. 

q: Why do you want to be buried at sea?
a: Because my wife says she wants to dance on my grave.

q: What is Alzheimer's?
a: WHAT IS ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE?

q: How a husband describe his wife?
a: Wife: "How would you describe me?"  Husband: "ABCDEFGHIJK."  Wife: "What does that mean?"  Husband: "Adorable, beautiful, cute, delightful, elegant, fashionable, gorgeous, and hot."  Wife: "Aw, thank you, but what about IJK?"  Husband: "I'm just kidding!"

q: Why do they call it Black Friday?
a: I dunno, I'm just waiting to hear white people ask how come there's no White Friday.

q: What did I have to tell the homeopathic drug addict?
a: That's an oxy, moron!

q: What do you call an honest Iranian businessman?
a: Asif (As-if)

q: What do you call a man with a shovel on his head?
a: Dug

q: What do cannibals put in their soup?
a: Ramen! Before you judge harshly, I would like to state that this was invented by a six year old, all on his own, no coaching. 

q: What did the black guy say when he got pulled over?
a: "Kill me." The cop didn't kill him.

q: Why are hurricanes sometimes named after girls?
a: because When they come theyre wild and wet like hurricanes, but when they go they take your house and car

q: How do parents in Africa celebrate their kid's first birthday?
a: They bring flowers to his grave. 

q: Did you read the news about corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines everywhere!

q: What's the hardest part of a vegetable?
a: The Wheelchair

q: What do you call a frozen Communist?
a: A hammer and pop-sickle

q: What does a gangbanger have in common with a soda machine?
a: They both don't work and always take your money 

q: Why was the neighbor's cat afraid of me?
a: Because I ran over it with my car.

q: What did Blizzard do on Warcraft's opening night?
a: Farm gold in China.

q: How did the frog die?
a: he Kermit suicide!

q: What do you call a lesbian who drives a 7 seater?
a: Van Dyke

q: What do you call a woman who raps about men being pigs, rapists, or murderers?
a: Feminem

q: Whats the Difference Between AWD & 4x4?
a: Your sexuality.

q: Who's the shittiest pro basketball player?
a: LeBrown James

q: What's the difference between Jesus and the painting of the Last Supper?
a: You only need one nail to hang the painting.

q: How many Hilary Clinton aides does it take to setup a private server?
a: [REDACTED]

q: what do you call a mexican working on the side of the road?
a: Mobil Juan 

q: Why do the Scottish wear kilts?
a: Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away

q: Who's the nicest guy at the hospital?
a: The ultrasound guy

q: what do vegan zombies eat?
a: Graaaaaaaaaaaaaains...

q: What do you call a man who wears crisp packets as trousers?
a: Russell.

q: Judge: You stand before me accused of being a duvet. How do you plead?
a: Defendant: Not quilty.

q: Why'd God make women pretty but dumb?
a: They're pretty, so men will like them.  They're dumb, so they will like men.  Courtesy of the great movie Ip Man 3 which I watched yesterday.

q: What is the worst piece in undersea chess?
a: The prawn.

q: What do you call a drug dealing church?
a: Crystal Methodists

q: Can someone explain why the caveman SpongeBob memes are funny?
a: Serious question not a joke

q: What do you call a pig plumber?
a: A Ham-di man! :D

q: How Does a Woman Make a Man a Millionaire?
a: When he's a billionaire. 

q: What do you call it when you spill meth into your cake mix?
a: Baking Bad

q: What do you call a peanut in a spacesuit?
a: An astronut.

q: Did you hear about the campers with explosive diarrhea?
a: That shi* was intense. 

q: What do you get from a pampered cow?
a: Spoiled milk!

q: What does the horny toad say?
a: Rubbit 

q: What do you call a fat physic?
a: A four-chin teller 

q: How do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist?
a: Ask him/her to pronounce unionized Edit: Gets 3000+ upvotes, Karma remains at 20...

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on an airplane. The airplane crashes. Who survives?
a: America.

q: What do you call an illegal immigrant and a pedophile fighting?
a: Alien Vs Predator

q: Why do priests wear underwear in the shower?
a: They don't like to look down on the unemployed

q: How to make a hormone?
a: Don't pay her

q: Here's an offensive joke, what's black and white and eats like a horse?
a: A zebra, you bastard.

q: How is Microsoft like a rapist?
a: Both force themselves on you without consent. 

q: How many Jews died in the holocaust?
a: Not enough.

q: What's the difference between a gun and a feminist?
a: A gun has one trigger.

q: Have you seen 'Wears My Penis?
a: Ooops, typo. Have you seen where my pen is?

q: Why isn't diving an event in the Special Olympics?
a: It's a pain in the ass to retrieve the wheelchairs. 

q: How did James Bond react to the news that he had impregnated a barely legal Bosnian gal?
a: He was shaken, not stirred.

q: What's the difference between a samoosa and a bikini bottom (Afrikaans pun with translations)?
a: The one is a   (three cornered curry cake) and the other is a   (three cornered cake/vagina cloth).

q: What's a Christians worst enemy?
a: Logic.

q: Did you hear the one about the fish stew?
a: It was quite a meel

q: Why do young girls go to the restroom in odd numbered groups?
a: Because they can't even.

q: How do you know when your roommate is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: Did you hear about the racist dolphin waiter?
a: He serves no porpoise.

q: How can you tell if a dictionary has been working out?
a: You can see the definition.

q: Why do stoners love English?
a: Because it's lit

q: How do you kill a gorilla?
a: Put a child in its enclosure.

q: Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?
a: He only comes once a year.

q: Why did the bicycle stop moving?
a: Because it was two-tiered.

q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea???
a: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.

q: What's the name of St Thomas More's daughter?
a: Demi Moore 

q: What do you do if you break your arm in two places?
a: Don't go back to those two places. 

q: BOY: Dad , is a mermaid girl or a fish ?
a: DAD : Well son that depends weather you are HORNY or HUNGRY .

q: What's the saddest thing about being a chicken?
a: You only get laid once.

q: What did Mario say when he found out he got drunk and had sex with a green mushroom?
a: "Well, I fucked that one up."

q: What's worse than a poke in the eye with a hot stick?
a: Nothing. Trust me.

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill the irish?
a: None.

q: What is a physicist's favorite type of pants?
a: Massless chaps

q: What's the most nihilistic vegetable?
a: Despairagus.

q: Whats the difference between a catholic priest and acne?
a: The priest doesn't wait for you to hit puberty to come on your face.

q: How do Asian women test for pregnancy?
a: Put a Rubik's Cube in the vagina for exactly one minute and see if it comes out solved.

q: What do you call a crazy guy in a room full of mosquitoes?
a: A bit neurotic. 

q: What is a cancer patients favorite bingo number?
a: B9

q: What do you call a punch that can knock out 40 first graders?
a: A Sandy Hook

q: When did Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?
a: Tennish.

q: Why did Anthony Kiedis cross the road?
a: To get to the Otherside.

q: How many cats does it take to make a fur coat?
a: None!  Cats can't sew!

q: What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping Tom?
a: A pick pocket only snatches people's watches. Credit Sanford and Son Edit: Statches

q: What's the square root of 69?
a: Ate something.

q: How many Apple employees does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A lot, apparently.  Have you seen their new building?

q: What's the difference between Jews and a bullet?
a: The bullet comes out of the chamber.

q: Why did the bee go to the doctor?
a: Because he had hives Badum tsh

q: Why did the boy peek down the toilet bowl?
a: He was trying to find Winnie the Pooh.

q: What do you call people who use the pull out method?
a: Parents 

q: How do you catch a unique rabbit ?
a: you neek up on it.

q: What's the difference between Trump supporters and dildos?
a: Dildos come in more than one color.

q: What do recent college graduates and felons have in common?
a: It takes three to five years before anyone will hire them.

q: How did we know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: We found her head and shoulders in the glove box. 

q: How do you take care of a baby?
a: Hire a hitman

q: What's balck on the bottom and white on the top?
a: Society 

q: What's the difference between a black joke and Mexican joke?
a: Nothing. If you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal.

q: Q: Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
a: A: Because he's married.

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket full of shit?
a: The bucket.

q: What did Noah name the carpentry supply store he set up in Little Rock?
a: Ark-n-Saw.

q: Why was the ketchup in the refrigerator embarrassed?
a: He saw the salad dressing!   Thank you thank you..

q: Q: Why does Michael J. Fox make such good milkshakes?
a: A: Because he uses quality ingredients. What did you think, asshole?

q: What do you call an octopus that loves jokes?
a: A knock-knocktopus. 

q: How do you know if a girl is on her period?
a: Shut up!

q: How do you get a guitar player to shut up?
a: Put sheet music in front of him

q: What can you do with shitty pasta?
a: Cook the shit out of it. 

q: What happens when you microwave a DVD?
a: you get a VHS tape.

q: If you have a white friend who's being bullied, what does that make you?
a: Safe.

q: What did the boy say when he had trouble using glue?
a: I'm stuck. 

q: Who do you call a stupid whore?
a: Your mother, that is who i call a stupid whore

q: How come men don't watch women's ice hockey?
a: No man can handle that many periods. 

q: What do you call a Mexican spell caster?
a: A salsarer

q: What do the people of Skyrim use to exercise?
a: A Nordic Track.

q: How do you make something go viral?
a: Herpes.

q: What do you call "nigga milk"?
a: Coffee.

q: (Dirty) What's good on a pizza but bad on a pussy?
a: A thin layer of crust

q: What's the title of the Blade Runner sequel?
a: Blade Runner 2: Do Androids Dream of Electric Boogaloo?

q: How do you stop someone from having sex?
a: You chastise the fuck out of them

q: Did you hear that the LAPD is training the Australian Police Force?
a: I thought Australia already had enough black widows

q: How do you kill a vampire from New Jersey?
a: With a New York steak. Edit: I want to say this is OC because I thought of it myself but I feel like someone else may have also thought of it at some point in time.

q: Why did linkin park wrap themselves up in plastic wrap before they jumped off a cliff?
a: So in the end they didn't even splatter. 

q: What do you call a lemon staring at an elderly lady?
a: Citric Flaccid 

q: Why are vietnamese hookers the best?
a: You pay them with Dong.

q: Why don't Jehovah's Witnesses celebrate Halloween?
a: Because they don't appreciate random people knocking on their door.

q: What race is Donald Trump?
a: The Mastur Race.

q: How come Robert Di Nero doesn't work in Mexico?
a: He's only worth 1 Dinero.

q: Why did the chicken commit suicide?
a: To get to the other side

q: Whats the last thing to go through the heads of the 9/11 jumpers?
a: Their knees

q: How do you have sex with a fat girl?
a: Flip through the folds until you smell poop, then go back one.

q: What do Trump voters use as bookmarks?
a: Lit matches.

q: What does death use to harvest souls during the summer?
a: A pop-sickle

q: Why are bakeries always so depressing?
a: They're bread inside.

q: How much did the obese man know about fitness?
a: Diddly squat

q: Why do meth addicts prefer to do it doggy style?
a: So they can both look out the window.

q: How do you get a dog to stop humping your leg?
a: Suck his dick.        

q: What does the narcissistic cow say?
a: "Meeeeee!" I wrote this.  I'm now a comedy writer.  You are welcome. 

q: What do you call a camel without humps?
a: Humphrey.

q: What would be the most useless superpower?
a: How about the ability to go invisible, but it only works while you're playing a trumpet.

q: Why don't chickens wear underwear?
a: Because their peckers are on their faces.

q: What do the Golden State Warriors do when they're not playing basketball?
a: They watch moving picktures.

q: What did Bernie Madoff say to Bernie Sanders?
a: I'll take your money!

q: Who's the last one off the dancefloor?
a: The epileptic

q: What does sex have in common with a savings account?
a: You lose interest once you make a withdrawal.

q: Why can't you trust 8?
a: cause she's a two-timin' four. 

q: What are peas attracted to?
a: Chickpeas

q: What do you call a bundle of hay in a church?
a: Christian Bale.

q: What do you call a frozen hamburger?
a: A ham-brrr-ger. my 7yo claims she made it up herself.

q: What do you call a midget with epilepsy that makes pizza?
a: Little Seizures...

q: Why were birth rates low in 1970?
a: You can't get pregnant during '69.

q: Mum!! Please can you take me to the toilet?
a: No! I'm busy. Ask your grandmother. Actually I'd rather ask Grandad. His hand shakes more.

q: How did you come up with your reddit username?
a: I made mine when I stopped giving a shit

q: What do you call an alligator that wears a vest?
a: An investigator. 

q: How many DonaId Trumps does it take to screw in a light globe?
a: None, he can pay someone to do it for him.

q: What do you call an 18yr old with braces?
a: A BLACK&DECKER PECKER WRECKER..

q: What breed will Donald Trumps dog be if he wins the election?
a: A Border Collie

q: What do you call a person who is a bit of a jew?
a: Jew-ish

q: What do you call a black Canadian?
a: Just 'Canadian'.

q: What does a snowman eat for lunch?
a: ....a burrrrrito! Obviously, it's almost 2am, and I'm tired and punchy!

q: How did the doctor know Muhammad Ali was dead?
a: He never got up by the time he counted to 10 Edit: Phrasing

q: What are the similarities between Cocaine and Gain detergent?
a: A:With both of them you go sniff sniff hooray!

q: What do you call a girl who does from butt injections?
a: Ass-fix-iation

q: Who has better beer: Rabbits or Kangaroos?
a: Kanagaroos. While they both do great with the hops, Kangaroos just have a little more kick!

q: What do you call an STI in your nose?
a: Sniff-illis 

q: What's Shaking?
a: Not Ali....

q: Hey girl are you an excavator?
a: Because you're a real CAT and I dig you

q: What do you call a gorilla that got shot even though it didn't want to do anything wrong?
a: King Kong

q: Why do SJWs hate cannibals?
a: They're always man-spreading on their sandwiches.

q: What do you get when you step into the ring with Mohammad Ali?
a: Too soon

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros?
a: Elephino. 

q: How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport?
a: By separating the good Juans from the bad Juans!

q: A toddler is running at 5 miles per hour, and a train is going at 5mph. Which is easier to stop?
a: It doesn't matter. Kill two birds with one stone and just stop both by putting the toddler in front of the train.  EDIT:  I shoulda made the train speed 250 and the toddler run slower but the discussion I had involved the relevance of mass as opposed to velocity to get a point across and then I realized what a stellar opportunity it was to make this joke.  

q: Did you know it was women who coined the term, "Bromance"?
a: Yeah, basically the concept of friendship is so foreign to them that they created a new word for it.

q: Why did the hillbilly cross the road?
a: Because he couldn't get his dick out the chicken

q: Why does Reddit have so many reposts?
a: Because you already read-it.

q: How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do?
a: Enough to kill two and a half men. 

q: Bro have you tried this new kush?
a: It's called Malaysian Airline, one hit of that shit and you are GONE.

q: What stretches further, skin or rubber?
a: Skin, it says in the scripture that Moses tied his ass to a tree and walked 3 miles to the next town.

q: What's the difference between a pill and my penis?
a: A pill can achieve an erection.

q: Did you hear about the chickpea freedom fighters?
a: They call themselves Hummas.

q: Why is Batman so jealous of Superman?
a: Because he has 3 dead parents and Bruce only has 2

q: Why can't the T-Rex play the piano?
a: Cause they're dead!

q: Why should you never trust an atom?
a: Because they make up everything..

q: What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa?
a: That's a peng ting.

q: Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg?
a: They won't stop to ask for directions.

q: What do you call a one eyed horse?
a: A klipklopse

q: How does ISIS cool down in the summer time?
a: In a blow up pool

q: Whats brown and rhymes with snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What did the bad soccer announcer get in his stocking?
a: COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!

q: what's it called when you're secretly a norse god?
a: you're low key loki

q: What's Gordon Ramsay's least favourite movie?
a: ITS FUCKING FROZEN!

q: What's long, hard and has cum in it?
a: A cucumber, you pervert!

q: Would you slap your cousin for $1,000,000?
a: I'd do it for free, bitch. 

q: How high are you?
a: Cop  How high are you? Me  No, you are wrong. Its Hi, how are you?

q: D'you want to hear a spoiler for the Jumanji remake?
a: Robin Williams dies

q: How can you spot the blind guy on a nude beach?
a: It's not hard.

q: What are prostitutes paid?
a: Loads

q: Whats the difference between a Physicist and an engineer?
a: The physicist gives theories about how shit works. An engineer takes the theories, unfortunately finds 1000 other ways of how that shit doesn't work and eventually creates something that transforms the theoretical shit into some real shit. 

q: What Chinese name means 'wolf'?
a: Hau Ling.

q: Why did the hipsters die of dehydration?
a: They stayed away from the mainstream.

q: What do you call a monkey terrorist?
a: A Baboom!

q: Why do snakes have no balls?
a: Cause they would look like dicks.

q: Why don't babies work?
a: Because they're all out of cervix

q: Can a kangaroo jump....?
a: Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, a house doesnt jump at all.

q: What's the difference between Trump and Bush?
a: Trump builds towers and Bush knocks them down.

q: How do two black boards settle their dispute?
a: They chalk it out

q: How do you offend a vegan?
a: Cover your ears with your hands

q: What do you do when your dishwasher breaks down?
a: Kick her in the ass.

q: What's the difference between a hooker, your girlfriend, and your wife?
a: When you're having sex a hooker says "are you done yet?" Your girlfriend says "you're done already?" And your wife says "beige, we should definitely paint the ceiling beige."

q: Why was a happy couple weary to kiss at the gas station?
a: They were scared of sparks flying. 

q: What's the difference between Bluetooth and The Titanic?
a: The Titanic sinks.

q: What do porn stars have and comedians are?
a: Professional Assholes.

q: Why don't black people get presents for Christmas?
a: Because prisons don't have chimneys.

q: How many sound technicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One....Two...One, Two...

q: What do you say when someone hands you a nice, ripe blunt in Germany?
a: Danke

q: What is the most Spanish body part?
a: Elbow.

q: What do you say when you see your TV floating at night?
a: "Put it down, Tyrone!"

q: Why are you late?
a: Teacher: Why are you late?  Student: There was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill.  Teacher: That's nice. Were you helping him look for it?  Student: No. I was standing on it.

q: what is an idiot?
a: Son: Dad, what is an idiot?  Dad: An idiot is a person who tries to explain his ideas in such a strange and long way that another person who is listening to him can't understand him. Do you understand me?  Son: No.

q: What has 72 legs & 26 teeth?
a: Lady Gaga's Vagina

q: What's the difference between racism and chinese ?
a: racism has many faces

q: Did you hear about the man with five penises?
a: His pants fit like a glove.

q: Did You Hear about the Gender Identity Problems among Robots?
a: Yeah. They all have trans-sisters...

q: What do you say to a black guy with a job?
a: Keep at it, inmate! 

q: why are people so disgusted when someone farts around them?
a: I mean, come on, a little gas never killed anyone

q: What's black, grey, and red all over?
a: A gorilla with a child in the enclosure.

q: Q: If a man's signature is called a John Hancock, what do you call a woman's?
a: A: Historically insignificant.

q: How do you become a snack lawyer?
a: By passing the bar exam.

q: Why did the goat stop trying to break out of jail?
a: Because he was just tired of being an escape goat.

q: How do Reavers clean their spears?
a: They send them through the Wash.

q: A black man and a Mexican are in a car , who's driving it ?
a: The Police

q: What do you call a car full of nuns?
a: Virgin Mobile

q: What did our parents do to kill boredom before the Internet ?
a: I asked my 26 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.

q: What do you call a suicidal Shinto?
a: A Kami-kaze

q: What do you call dark French people?
a: French Fries 

q: What do you say when your GIF doesn't work?
a: You get the picture. 

q: Does your girlfriend have 67 protons?
a: I've heard she's a ho.

q: What do you call robots that have had their genitals cut off?
a: Unix

q: Why didn't the physicist like his cheesecake?
a: Because the quark had a strange flavour

q: What do you call a Jewish piano?
a: A cash register. 

q: Is the French city Nice pronounced Nice or Nice?
a: My wife thinks it's pronounced Nice but I think it's Nice. 

q: Where does the Lego man get his drugs?
a: His K'Nex!

q: Whats Asuma sensei's favorite jutsu?
a: ninja art.. CAMEL CRUSH!

q: What's the difference between a man and a woman?
a: A woman wants a man who can satisfy all her needs.  A man wants all women who can satisfy his needs. 

q: What's the difference between negligence and falling off of the empire state building?
a: Nothing if you're a gorilla.

q: Whats the Difference between an Atheist, a Christian and a Dog?
a: DogMa

q: What do you call an Australian who discriminates against different types of rice?
a: Rice-ist!

q: Why dont you ever see elephants hiding in trees?
a: Because theyre really good at it!

q: I have a question of the most importance!?
a: If I find a job in the classifieds...does that mean I can't tell anyone!?

q: How does Spongebob cut a rug?
a: With a square Dance!

q: How do you fix a broken gorilla?
a: With a monkey wrench.

q: What did Scooby Doo ask Shaggy for to order online porn?
a: A Reddit card

q: What do you call ISIS after it has been completely destroyed?
a: WASWAS!

q: What's Jewish and runs?
a: The Diarrhea of Anne Frank

q: Can someone help me decide which Nirvana album to buy?
a: Wait, Nevermind 

q: What does a guy from Philly dunk his pretzel in?
a: a girl from Jersey.

q: Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives?
a: America.

q: What would make Batman really salty?
a: Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-

q: What's is the difference between ignorance and negligence?
a: I don't know and I don't care.

q: Why won't Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary as president?
a: The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.

q: What do you call two hookers fighting?
a: Whoretal Kombat.

q: What animal has bad memory and climbs mountains?
a: A Forgoat.

q: What do you Call a Six Fingered Jew?
a: Lucky... I know it sucks...

q: What did Miss Piggy say to Kermit at the end of their first date?
a: Nothing. She had a frog in her throat.

q: What do you call a Transformer that's also an optometrist?
a: Oculus Prime.

q: What is the most popular baked good in the porn industry?
a: Pound cake

q: Why don't Canadians have many orgies?
a: Too many thank-you notes.

q: Why don't they let gansters play Quidditch?
a: Cause gangsters always catch the snitch!

q: What do you call a Grandfather Jew?
a: Dead

q: What sound does a chocolate bird make?
a: Cacao! Cacao!

q: What's the difference between light and hard?
a: You can sleep with a light on. 

q: At Little Cesars, what do the prostitutes do?
a: Bite bite, suck suck, they do the deep dick combo mombo!

q: What do you call a Mexican fighting a Catholic priest?
a: Alien vs. Predator

q: Why are Toblerone's triangular shaped?
a: So they fit in the box.

q: Dad joke: What time do monkeys poop?
a: Tree turdy.

q: Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep?
a: With the fishes. 

q: How do cows go from one town to another?
a: they cowmmute.

q: My SO thinks this is a very funny joke... is it?
a: Q: Where do ballerinas go to get their torrents? A: The Pirouette Bay

q: Where did Sally go when the bombs fell?
a: Everywhere.

q: What do you call people who make pedophile jokes?
a: Unfunny.

q: What's the difference between a women's doctor and a kick returner?
a: The returner can catch a punt...

q: Why is the part of a woman between her hips and her breasts called a waist?
a: Because they could have easily fitted in another pair of tits there...

q: What has two eyes but can't see, two wings but can't fly, and two legs but can't walk?
a: A dead bird.

q: what did the Magic The Gathering player say to the big booty hoe?
a: damn girl, i just wanna TAP dat ass

q: What's the worst thing you can hear while taking the bus?
a: ALLAHUUUUUU AKBARRRR

q: Why do Scottish men wear kilts instead of jeans?
a: Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.

q: April Showers Bring May Flowers. What do May Flowers Bring?
a: Pilgrims.

q: What's worse than nine eleven?
a: 311

q: Did you hear about the fly that sat on the toilet seat?
a: It got pissed off. 

q: Where live the knights of the round bed?
a: They live in Cameltoe.

q: What is the easiest way for a stressed astronaut to unwind and decompress?
a: By opening the door.

q: What does Donald Trump order at Panda Express?
a: Orange chicken.

q: WTF is a palindrome?
a: No it isn't.

q: What did the comedy club proprietor say to the FedEx guy?
a: The jokes are ok but you need to work on your delivery. 

q: Why does America use the imperial system?
a: Because they are   behind

q: I hear something. Do you hear that?
a: HERE COMES THAT BOI OH SHIT WADDUP!

q: How do you make hard cider?
a: Put it in the freezer.

q: Whats Jesus's favorite gun?
a: A nail gun

q: Why do the Lanisters have such big beds?
a: Because they push 2 twins together to make a king.

q: What do you call a queue of boxers?
a: A punchline.

q: How do you fit an elephant in to a subway?
a: Take the 's' out of "sub" and the 'f' out of "way"

q: (time tarvellers only please) Who remembers the 2016 presidential race?
a: Nobody expected that late run from Gonzalez, did they?

q: Why do dentists only want to be awarded with paper certificates?
a: They hate plaque buildup.

q: What is Kanye West's favorite type of audio file?
a: .wav

q: What to you call an Eskimo peeping Tom?
a: Tommy Tookalook

q: Want to know why I look terrible?
a: Well, half of it is my mother's fault.

q: What's a homophobe's favorite drink?
a: fruit punch

q: Want to know a Harry Potter riddle?
a: Tom Marvolo 

q: What do you call an attractive ghost butt that is at max poop capacity?
a: Booootyfull

q: What's the difference between the Welland bus terminal and a Lobster with breast implants?
a: One is a busty crustacean, and the other is a crusty bus station.

q: Did you hear about the librarian who was in a traffic accident?
a: He was hit by an omnibus.

q: What is the difference between a Peeping Tom and a burglar?
a: A burglar snatches watches.

q: What kind of drug is /r/theRedPill?
a: It's a beta blocker

q: Why did the cat die under a truck?
a: She's a deaf son of a bitch

q: What do you call it when one guy demands that another guy go to the movies and give him a hand job?
a: A mandate

q: What did the kitty say when it ran for mayor??
a: Now, that was one politi-cat debate!

q: What do you get when you keep two Lannisters in the same room for a bit?
a: 3 Lannisters.

q: Why are informaticians always confusing the dates of christmas and halloween?
a: Because OCT 31 is the same as DEC 25. 

q: What's the difference between your wife and your work?
a: After 5 years, your work still sucks.

q: An emo and a leaf fall from a tree at the same time. Who hits the ground first?
a: The leaf.  The emo is stopped by the rope.

q: Did you hear about the dairy farmer who got kicked off his farm for not having any livestock?
a: It was a no cows eviction.

q: Why do they call it P.M.S.?
a: Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.

q: Why is it such a mess when grapes reproduce?
a: It's just a real cluster fuck

q: What's a rock group with four guys that don't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore

q: What's the difference between a hooker and a lawyer?
a: The hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead. 

q: Why did the bee get married?
a: Because he found his honey.

q: Anzac Jokes?
a: What jokes have you got on anzacs?

q: What do Ethiopians have in common with Yoko Ono?
a: They both live off dead beetles

q: What's the difference between American and European kids?
a: European kids actually come home from school.

q: What is the ultimate Jewish conflict?
a: Pork chops at half price

q: How many suh dudes does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, its already lit fam!

q: What's something Comcast is giving you, besides crappy service?
a: TB

q: Why isn't Bernie Sanders campaigning in OKC?
a: They're both eliminated and finished second in their conference.

q: Why didn't Anne Frank finish her diary?
a: She needed more concentration.

q: Have you heard about the new super-sensitive condoms?
a: They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.

q: How did the dictator make it easier for power companies to do business with neighboring countries?
a: He stepped down.

q: What is Cersei Lannister's favorite American city?
a: Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.

q: What type of luggage talks in short sentences?
a: A brief case

q: you know how Hitler used to tie his shoes?
a: In little nazis

q: What is a German's favorite number?
a: 6,000,000

q: Why do console gamers use their in game names in real life?
a: They haven't got anti-aliasing.

q: Why Marxists are not good at object-oriented programming?
a: They don't get the concept of classes!

q: What's the most problematic time of day?
a: 4:04

q: What did the British man say to his wife after sex?
a: Honey, I nut. Cheerio! (I think I'm funny)

q: What's the difference between President Obama and a bucket of shit?
a: The shit's in a bucket !   

q: What's long, green, and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit's finger

q: What's Sarah Palin's favorite thing to do in the summertime?
a: Parah Salin.

q: How did the rabbit know his wife was cheating on him?
a: There was a hare in his bed.

q: Why didn't the failed theoretical physicist use the restroom?
a: He couldn't prove shit.

q: What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew?
a: A boy scout comes back from his camp.

q: What's the best way to get a Jewish girl's number?
a: Roll up her sleeve.

q: Why did Trump refuse the debate with Bernie?
a: Because chickens tend to run from people with a last name of Sanders.

q: Did you hear about the rhyming Indian woman?
a: She was Arapaho 

q: What's a hot dog's favorite article of clothing?
a: Pants

q: What do you call sex on a beach?
a: Intercoarse

q: What do you call it when you accidentally drop a flower?
a: An oopsy daisy.

q: Why aren't there any Jewish gangsters?
a: Because they don't "come from the hood"

q: When does CPR become necrophilia?
a: When you are both stiff

q: Damn girl, are you Daenerys Targaryen?
a: Because that ass could take over the world. Haha don't know if this is used or not yet but I dreamt up this joke so enjoy.

q: What is a Muslim womans favorite amendment?
a: The second (right to bare arms)

q: What's the top song by the Vietnamese Beatles?
a: Rice Fields Forever.

q: What's brown and smells funny?
a: Clown Poo

q: Why JFK doesn't wear hats?
a: It is an airport. 

q: Why are there no headache tablets in the jungle?
a: Because the Parrots-eat-em-all. Thank you, I'm here all night.

q: Why should you never play poker with a crocodile?
a: You will lose every hand.

q: How many Suh Dude's does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None it's already lit fam suh

q: How do you clear out an Iraqi bingo parlour?
a: Call out "B-52"

q: Why do shower heads have 11 holes?
a: Cause Jews only have ten fingers.

q: Why would the jewish cannibal eat you?
a: For-Skin

q: What dog is the worst at polishing a turd?
a: A poodull

q: What's the difference between a man biking to a job interview and a clown on a unicycle?
a: Attire.

q: Who answers the Crime Stoppers Hotline?
a: Stymied Coppers

q: How does an ethiopian open a beer?
a: With his ribs

q: What do you call a gorilla who magically smokes weed?
a: Hairy Potter.

q: Why was the cheese so sad?
a: Because it was provOLONE

q: how would you describe US with first four alphabets?
a: ABCD   (A B Cd.....) as in obesity.... Will show myself to hell now. 

q: Why did the railroad thief get caught?
a: He forgot to cover his tracks! im

q: How do you make an elephant fly?
a: First, you get a great big zipper...

q: Where do porn actresses wait for their turn in a baseball themed orgy?
a: The on-dick circle of course.

q: What's a great dating app for pedophiles?
a: Tindergarden

q: Why do irish fried beans only have 239 beans?
a: Because the extra bean would be too farty.

q: What did Caesar say when he ran into his friend at a music lesson?
a: "Etude, Brute?"

q: What does a gay bird-keeper do for fun?
a: He sucks a cockortwo! 

q: What does a transgender person call their sibling?
a: little cis

q: What kind of cheese can be used to build a structure?
a: Cottage cheese.

q: Why are melons so lonely?
a: Because they cantaloupe

q: If the cow says moo and the cat says meow, what does the dog say?
a: Ed...ward.

q: What did dick say to the condom?
a: I'm going in cover me !

q: Does it mean you have a small dick if you never got a toothy blow job?
a: No it doesn't I'm asking for a friend because I've never got one

q: Was Snoop Dogg being serious when he changed his name?
a: Or was Snoop Lion ?

q: You know what's pretty cool?
a: A cellar :)

q: Why do rednecks like to do it doggie style?
a: So they both can watch Nascar.

q: Why do most blind folks not skydive?
a: The sound of the dog screaming at 8000 feet gets to you after a while.

q: What was the first porn movie about Rappers called?
a: Lewdicrous

q: Why couldn't Donald Trump cross the road?
a: Because a wall was blocking his way

q: what is the best way to smuggle drugs?
a: In your dogs asshole. Should there be border control frisking, it will be perceived as two dogs plain wolfing

q: What are pedophile's favorite shoes?
a: Vans

q: Why do tectonic plates wear diapers?
a: Because they're in continents.

q: What's the point of Jewish football?
a: To get the quarter back.

q: Why are Australians so well balanced?
a: They have a chip on both shoulders.

q: Why do carcinogens want to give us cancer so badly?
a: Because they're trying asbestos they can.

q: Whats the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut?
a: About 3 weeks.

q: how many Morgan Freemans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 2 because 1 of them have to narrate.

q: Why do the Marines call it Parris island?
a: Because they like to play with each other's  oui oui.

q: What's big, black, and explodes when shaken?
a: A COKe bottle.

q: What do you call a large group of people who spit on others?
a: The Salivation Army.

q: Why is Jesus so sexually frustrated?
a: he is not coming till judgement day. so sorry am i going to hell for this?

q: How do you turn soup to gold?
a: Add 24 carrots

q: What did the SJW say to the person who had just been blackmailed?
a: What did the SJW say to the person who had just been blackmailed? At least you didn't get white maled.

q: What do you call an old man whose retarded?
a: Bernie Sanders!!

q: what do you call the offspring of two lesbians?
a: A hermaphrodike

q: What do you call an environmental bicyclist?
a: A recyclist. 

q: Which state has the most progressive bathroom laws?
a: Transylvania.

q: What is a dentist's favorite time of the day?
a: 2:30

q: Why is air like sex?
a: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.

q: is this already a joke?
a: Why don't pastry chefs buy taylor made cigarettes? Because they profiterole their own 

q: Why hasn't Donald Trump ever finished a novel?
a: Because he always gets stuck in Chapter 11.

q: Don't you hate it when people attach little steering wheels to their penises?
a: It drives me nuts.

q: Why was the cow's house empty?
a: She was moo-ving

q: How much is the jackson five worth?
a: 100 dollars

q: How much does a paint-job on your car cost?
a: Hopefully less than a handjob. now i die of syphilis  bye veronica

q: Student: Are you the new English Teacher?
a: Miss Tammy: Yes I are.

q: What is the Arabic word for Priest?
a: Infidel.

q: How do you weigh a Hipster?
a: In instagrams

q: What is Gollum's favourite bird?
a: A Smeagull! :D

q: How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb? One or two?
a: One.. ..Or two?

q: What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror?
a: Haloumi!

q: What comes out of the mating of a donkey and a bunny?
a: the bunny's eyes

q: What separates man from animal?
a: The Atlantic Ocean.

q: Whats the difference between a shower thought and a joke?
a: I don't know you tell me. 

q: What do you call it when you turn into a vampire before being bitten?
a: Premature Edraculation

q: Whats BNAG?
a: Its bang out of order!

q: Why don't SJW's like guns?
a: They can't handle the trigger!

q: What instrument do skeletons play?
a: A trombone!

q: What do you call a hooker with diarrhea?
a: What do you call a hooker with diarrhea? Prosti-tootin

q: What's the difference between a prostitute's vagina and r/Jokes?
a: The vagina gets new,   content injected into it regularly.

q: What happens when Captain America drinks water?
a: He becomes hydrated.

q: What do you call a guy who stands under a bull?
a: Understandabull

q: What do you call a helpful potato?
a: A Facilitater  

q: How did Godzilla get the job opportunity?
a: Some say he had a foot in the door... and the window... and the wall.

q: What is a Catholic choir boy's favorite song?
a: "Can't Touch This"

q: Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon?
a: Pikajew!

q: What do you get when you put a tomato in your mothers shoe?
a: A spanking

q: What do you call an armoire that is secretly used as a closet?
a: A closet closet. 

q: Why didn't the melons get married in Vegas?
a: Because they cantaloupe.  This joke was brought to you by Dads inc. 

q: Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety medication?
a: To prevent Hispanic attacks.

q: What wears a bright red suit and knows if you've been naught..or nice?
a: The Spanish Inquisition.

q: Who makes coffee for the U.N.?
a: The French Press Secretary!

q: What do you call a stupid piece of shit?
a: A returd

q: What's the difference between an apple and a baby?
a: People didn't freak out for no reason when I started eating an apple in public.

q: You ever fingerbang your girlfriend while on her period?
a: Just to imagine yourself as Wolverine

q: What is the most annoying part of boiling vegetables?
a: Finding a pot big enough for the wheelchair.

q: How do you keep a baby from crawling in circles?
a: nail the other hand to the floor.

q: If April showers bring May flowers, what do Mayflowers bring?
a: Genocide.

q: Who were the world's fastest readers?
a: 9/11 victims. They went through 85 stories in 10 minutes.

q: What do they call the 13th floor in England?
a: The 12th floor.

q: When is it too cold to build a snowman?
a: When the frostbite is worse then the frostbark.

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
a: Bob.

q: Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium went on a date?
a: OMG!

q: What is Donald Trump's favourite music album?
a: The Wall

q: Remember when you were a kid and when you cried your parents said, "I'll give you a reason to cry"?
a: I always thought they were gunna hit me, not that they were going to destroy the housing market 20 years later.

q: What does the chicken give you?
a: Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"

q: What do you call someone who can't turn pancakes?
a: A flip-flop. 

q: Did you hear about Kurt Cobain's new album?
a: He did a cover of The Wall by Pink Floyd 

q: What do they sell at aloo's snackbar?
a: Boom

q: Why do farmers put bells on cows?
a: Their horns don't work.

q: Why can't you play Uno with Mexicans?
a: They steal the green cards.

q: Want to know something really bad and dirty about me?
a: I'm running Windows XP.

q: What do you call a stoner when horny?
a: Now please post weed related jokes

q: Why did no-one want to play a game with the leopard?
a: He was a cheetah. 

q: Why don't people tell Chemistry jokes?
a: Because they never get a reaction.

q: What is the difference between jam and jelly?
a: I can't jelly my dick up your arse.

q: What do you call money on drugs?
a: A high five...

q: Who wins the battle of the sexes in Ireland?
a: Mis O'Gyny

q: Why women prefer devils instead of angels?
a: Because devils are horny.

q: Where would Helen Keller park her car?
a: On top of three children.

q: How do you annoy people on Reddit?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call a snake that works for the government?
a: Senator.

q: Whats the diff between EROTIC and KINKY?
a: EROTIC is when you use a feather. KINKY is when you use the whole chicken.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler?
a: Hitler had a plan. 

q: What did Mr. Cena's fiance say on their wedding day?
a: No, John!   can't see 

q: What's the difference between a musician and a suicide bomber?
a: A musician wears his heart on his sleeve. A suicide bomber wears his spleen on your shoes.

q: What does an obese white woman have in common with a brick?
a: Eventually, they're both getting laid by a Mexican.

q: How do you find Will Smith in a heavy snow storm?
a: Try to find the fresh prints

q: ARE YOU GUYS ALL RIGHT?
a: No, you are all left

q: what do you call it when a cop goes to a rub n tug?
a: Pulled pork

q: What do you call the entrance to a prostitute's house?
a: Hodor.

q: What did the man say after he was hit by the car?
a: Nothing. He was dead.

q: What do you call a Finnish terrorist?
a: Finn Laden.

q: What kind of farm has lots of books but no livestock?
a: Barns and no-bulls. (This joke was made up by my 7 year-old cousin.)

q: Why wasn't Daredevil in Civil War?
a: He doesn't work well with Vision

q: How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!! YOU WEREN'T THERE, MAN!!

q: What is the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
a: The people in Dubai don't watch the Flintstones but the people in Abu Dhabidoooo!

q: Did you hear about the guy who robbed a kitchen kaboodle?
a: He took a big whisk and stole some pot.

q: What do you get if you fuck someone in the ear?
a: Hearing aids. 

q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an acronym?
a: An acronym stands for something

q: Why did Germany lose WW2?
a: Three Reichs and you're out

q: What does a pornstar say after a short day at the set?
a: I just came!

q: So what are you doing today??
a: "That's right, and I'm not finished yet."

q: Where did little Timmy go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere

q: What is a Snake in a Cage ?
a: The tale of a rat. 

q: What do you say to a depressed, overweight person?
a: Keep your chins up.

q: What do you call a vagina that talks back to you?
a: An answering cervix

q: THREADS:Why so many repost from top-alltime?
a: The Dildo in the highway,the short penis books,all from top-all time in  ,Seriously,this is a shit way to repost you fucking karmawhore

q: Why did Thor not invite many people to his brother's wedding?
a: Because it was Low key

q: What kind of bees produce milk?
a: Boo-bees 

q: What's the biggest lie of the Universe?
a: "I Have Read and Agree to the Terms of Service."

q: Where is Macau?
a: In m'field

q: What 's the difference between an emo and a cat?
a: The cat can 't kill itself because it 's a pussy.

q: Why are ships' portholes round?
a: So that if they break, water doesn't hit you square in the face. 

q: What does a Jewish man get when he runs into a wall with an erection?
a: a broken nose.

q: Why are cripples always made fun of?
a: because they can't stand up for themselves!

q: What's the hardest part about being a pedophile?
a: Just trying to fit in.

q: How do you know you're at a gay BBQ?
a: All the hot dogs taste like shit.

q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common?
a: Liquor in the front poker in the back.

q: Did you hear about the African man who refused to accept the fact that he couldn't swim?
a: They say he died in denial.

q: What's the hardest part about eating a Vegetable?
a: putting her back in the wheelchair when you're done.

q: What do you call a lawncare company owned by a promiscuous lesbian?
a: Hoe Mow

q: How do you confuse a polish laborer?
a: Lay down three shovels and tell him to take his pick.

q: Dang girl are you a CS map?
a: Cause you're looking DE_licious tonight.

q: Best Mary Jane joke you know?
a: Mary Jane was climbing the flagpole at recess. Her teacher was yelling at her, saying, "Mary Jane! You get down right now! If you don't get down, everyone will see your underwear!" And Mary Jane just laughed and laughed......... ......because she knew she wasn't wearing any underwear!

q: What kind of bee makes milk?
a: A boobie. 

q: What's the difference between Mighty No. 9 and a gay guy?
a: The gay guy eventually comes out

q: What is Shaka's favorite Japanese food?
a: Shakitori!

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs inside a volcano?
a: Anakin Skywalker. (Happy Geek Pride Day!)

q: How do you find out what gender a stray cat is?
a: Carefully

q: If there's a bee in my hand, what's in my eye?
a: Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. ITT: People who want to kill me, people who think I am their dad, more puns about bees, puns about beer, "oh I get it", and "this joke is more like a riddle"

q: JEllo hooker?
a: What's the difference between Jello and a Dead Hooker?  Jello wiggles when you eat it out

q: What do you call an Italian pizza chef with an erectile dysfunction?
a: Floppy Giussepe

q: What's Emperor Palpatine's favorite kind of cheese?
a: "Gouda, gouda..."

q: What was the Olympic lifter missing from his bar ?
a: Weight for it...

q: If cancer and AIDS had a love child, what would it be called?
a: Donald Trump

q: What do you call a racist in the dark?
a: Camouflaged

q: What do you call a city-dwelling dwarf that keeps perfect time?
a: A metro-gnome

q: What superheroes refuse to fight in North Carolina?
a: The X-Men

q: What is Mike Tyson's favorite song?
a: Down With The Thickness.

q: Where do poor meatballs live?
a: In the Spaghetto. (I 've seen this on reddit before, one of my all time favorites though!)

q: What do you call a religious capitalist?
a: A jew

q: What's the difference between a drummer and publicly traded stock?
a: Publicly traded stock will mature and make money. 

q: What do you call a carpenter who needs fewer nails?
a: Jesus

q: ADHD cure (Dark?
a: What do you do with Jews (or any other group of people) that have ADHD?  Send them to a concentration camp!

q: What do you call an Angry Bird who just got back from the spa?
a: A Bird. 

q: What's orange and white and stops at sunlight?
a: Gingers

q: What's the main use for leather in the world?
a: Holding cows together Edit: It doesn't work if you apply too much logic. Just enjoy the joke

q: How does a skeleton solve a problem?
a: With the bare-bones approach. 

q: What's the number one cause of dry skin?
a: Towels. 

q: what phone service do traveling nuns use?
a: virgin mobile

q: What's a comedians least favorite drink?
a: Booze 

q: How do you call a gay person from Russia?
a: Sergei.

q: Why does the dwarf laugh when he runs?
a: Cause the grass tickles his balls...

q: What's the similarity between concentration camps and your mom?
a: There's no definitive proof that 6 million Jews were forced into concentration camps.

q: You know what's the difference between a housewife and a politician?
a: The housewife thinks about doing her taxes while having sex. The politician thinks about having sex while spending your taxes.

q: Why did Hillary cross the road?
a: What difference, at this point, does it make?

q: Did you here that Michael Jackson died of food poisening?
a: Apparently he ate an 11 year old weiner. 

q: Why don't Jews make good bakers?
a: Because they don't trust ovens. You know, I don't blame them. They've been burned before. *Sorry for this one, I already know I'm probably going to hell. I thought of this after I heard Seth Rogan's "Jew in the oven" pregnancy joke in Neighbors 2.

q: Has anyone seen the movie Constipated?
a: No? Thats because it never came out...

q: Where Did it go?
a: Where did that list of dark jokes posted this morning go? Iv looked everywhere. 

q: Are you half decapitated?
a: Because this joke is poorly executed. 

q: How does a crazy person travel through the woods?
a: They take the psychopath.

q: Where do Muslims go when they die?
a: Everywhere.

q: How to tell the difference between a bad, a good and an excellent accountant ?
a: When you ask them "2+2 is ?":

q: What do you call the tech. at the vets who has to give injections to cats?
a: Claude.

q: Knock Knock. Who's there?
a: It's me Mario!

q: What do you call the sweat on your balls after sex with your cousin?
a: Relative humidity.

q: How did the headless chicken cross the road?
a: In a KFC bucket. 

q: What's the worst part about eating your vegetables?
a: Putting them back in the wheel chair.

q: What do you call a dachshund with no hind legs and balls of steel?
a: Sparky. 

q: What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
a: I've never paid a garbanzo to bean on my face.

q: How did Adolf tie his shoes?
a: With two knotzies.

q: What is juicy on the inside, dry on the outside, and has "apple" in it?
a: A roasted baby with an apple in its mouth.

q: How many reposts does it take to change a subreddit?
a: More than we have now. This sub is still shit.

q: Damn girl, are you a maple syrup tree?
a: Cause I'd tap that I didn't make this, but I don't remember where I heard it.

q: Trump for President?
a: The only people who aren't afraid of a Trump presidency are on Mexico's Pole Vault team. 

q: What do you call a dog with two vaginas?
a: Snatches

q: Why did the Mexican throw his wife into the river?
a: Tequila

q: How many dead hookers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Apparently not three.  It's still dark in my basement.  

q: Did you hear Donald Trump was in a fantasy action movie?
a: He was the White Power ranger

q: What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus?
a: Jesus didn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over   body

q: Did the first woman who lived long enough to stop having her period reflect on her achievement?
a: Sadly, no... She never  .

q: Why are pornstars so religious?
a: They keep yelling 'oh God yes!' all the time.

q: What is the population of Somalia ?
a: About 10kg (22 lbs).

q: What's the purpose of Barry Chuckle's job at British Gas?
a: To meter you.

q: Do you know why Adolf Hitler didn't win World War 2?
a: Because he didn't do it the   way

q: Why do no communists drink Earl Grey tea?
a: Because all proper tea is theft.

q: Whats the difference between Michael Jackson and a Disney movie?
a: Disney movies can still touch little kids.

q: Where does a mansplainer get his water?
a: from a well, actually.

q: Best joke ever?
a: my life

q: How does a Plutonium Gun sounds like?
a: Pu! Pu! Pu!

q: Why did the blonde get fired from the M&M factory?
a: For throwing out all the w's.

q: What begins with S, ends with X and will change your life?
a: Smallpox

q: Whats six inches long and two inches wide and drives women wild?
a: Money.

q: You know what's a funny thing I like to do in my past time?
a: Women. Get off the internet, nerd.

q: What's Leonardo Dicaprio's least favorite dessert?
a: Bear claaaaaarrrrrwwwwwwss!!!

q: How do you depress a room full of geeks?
a: "Hold the door! I'm a leaf on the wind!"

q: What does Batman take with his drinks?
a: Just ice

q: What do you call a musician Trump supporter?
a: A Trump-et

q: How do you make a baby cry twice?
a: Rub the blood off your dick on his teddy bear 

q: What does Mr. T say when he walks into a buffet?
a: I pity the full!

q: Why did Cher go nuclear when the shopkeeper didn't give her the receipt?
a: Cher-No-Bill

q: How do you sink the unsinkable?
a: Zat is a qvestion for a philosopher, not a comedian!

q: Did you hear about the girl who died in the Italian restaurant?
a: She pasta way.

q: How do telegraph operators apologize?
a: Remorse code

q: Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea?
a: Why do Marxists only drink herbal tea? Because proper tea is theft.

q: Why doesn't the U.S. government allow students to visit North Korea?
a: They become victims of youth-in-asia!

q: What did the scale say when it was going to drop a fresh mixtape?
a: Weight on it.

q: Why did the gentleman hold the door?
a: Because he was dying to do so. 

q: What do math and mermaids have in common?
a: They both have an alge-bra.

q: (Music Theory) Why do composers win debates?
a: Because when their opponent makes a point, they always respond with a valid counterpoint.

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a pencil sharpener?
a: You don't fuck pencil sharpeners.

q: Why are so many blind people religious?
a: Because they just won't open their eyes!

q: How many Mexican reposters does it take to make me mad?
a: Just Juan

q: What do Europeans call fat European guy ?
a: a wannabe American

q: What does cow shit do?
a: FALL OUT

q: Why is stormtrooper always late from work?
a: He keeps missing his train

q: What did Obi-wan say to Luke at the Chinese restaurant?
a: Use the fork, Luke.

q: Why are bad jokes like dead babies?
a: Usually, something went wrong with the delivery.

q: What do you call a loud Trump supporter?
a: A Trumpet.

q: Why do atheists scream out 'oh my God' during sex?
a: Because it's unbelievable. 

q: What did the polar bear's wife say when she couldn't bear his tantrums any more?
a: Bye bye bipolar polar bear

q: What happened when Honey Boo Boo's mom lost 120 pounds?
a: An amber alert was issued

q: What did the sign in front of the Drug Rehabilitation Center say?
a: Keep off the grass.

q: If a dove is the "bird of peace" then what's the bird of "true love"?
a: The swallow

q: Why do people with heart disease always lose at poker?
a: They have to take ACE inhibitors.

q: What did the mallard yell in the drive-by shooting?
a: Duck!!!

q: Why aren't people afraid to submit reposts?
a: Because there's no karma involved.

q: What do you say when you are comforting a grammar nazi?
a: There, Their, They're

q: Why did Russia sign the non-aggression pact with NazI Germany?
a: They were Stalin for time.

q: Why did the skeleton burp?
a: Because he didn't have the guts to fart.

q: Whadya' call a Mexican sinking in mayo?
a: Sinko De Mayo.

q: Did you hear about the chameleon who couldnt change colour?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction!

q: Has this happened to you ?
a: I was in in the public restroom  I was barely sitting down when I heard a voice in the other stall:  "Hi, how are you?"  Me: (embarrassed) "Doin' fine!"  Stall: "So what are you up to?"  Me: "Uhhh, I'm like you, just sitting here."  Stall: "Can I come over?"  Me: (attitude) "No, I'm a little busy right now!!"  Stall: "Listen, I'll have to call you back. There's an idiot in the other stall who keeps answering all my questions! :D :D

q: Why are bees the superior species?
a: They have a built in suicide switch.

q: What has 6 legs and goes "Ho da do, Ho da do Ho da do?
a: Hodor? 

q: Why couldn't the man marry the melon?
a: It was a cantaloupe.

q: Pretentious?
a: Moi?

q: What is the best vegetable delivery vehicle in the world?
a: An ambulance

q: what happens if you cross breed spiderman and Catwoman?
a: I don't know..can you guys tell me?

q: Why couldn't the retarded man talk normally?
a: He was trying to hold the door

q: What's the key to finding love?
a: Rohypnol

q: What do you say when trying to catch the elevator?
a: "Hodor! Hodor!" 

q: Why did the campfire turn into a forest fire?
a: It wanted to get off its ash. 

q: What's the difference between a hipster and a homeless man?
a: An Instagram account.

q: How did Wendy die?
a: The baconator

q: What kind of dog should you get a spanish speaker?
a: A spaniel.

q: What are Hillary's convictions?
a: The FBI hasn't announced her indictment yet, but hopefully it will lead to at least one

q: Did you hear the joke about the alarm?
a: No? It doesn't ring a bell?

q: What's the wurst thing about being a black Jew?
a: Having to sit in the back of the oven.

q: Why are black people so good at basketball?
a: Cause all they know to do is steal, run, and shoot

q: Wanna know the difference between a street performer and a hobo?
a: The age

q: Why can't Vin Diesel differentiate Thanksgiving Turkey from his best friend?
a: Because they're both roasted

q: Why don't any American football players wear glasses?
a: Because it is a contact sport!

q: Did you hear about the escaped gang of Jamaican stabbers?
a: Poky mon. Gotta catch em all.

q: What's green, fuzzy, has four legs and would kill you if it fell out of a tree and landed on you?
a: A pool table

q: What would happen if Muslims didn't practice Ramadan?
a: They become Mu-fat

q: What was the bridge player's political view?
a: No-trump!

q: What's the worst hereditary disease?
a: Cousins

q: Why did the cat befriend the dog?
a: Because the dog let the cat out of the bag! Haha!

q: Why was Marc Antony still interested in Cleopatra even when she's just had a baby?
a: Because it was delivered via Ceasarion section

q: Whats the difference between Reddit and a Taco?
a: After a few hours the Taco stops repeating on you...

q: What's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
a: I don't jam after drinking a gallon of nut butter.

q: What did the police say when they finished interviewing Dylann Roof?
a: You're hired

q: Q: Whats the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife?
a: A: A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.

q: How does a Jewish bird chirp?
a: Cheap cheap cheap

q: Why was the gay man bad at lying?
a: He couldn't keep his face straight. ;)

q: Why is the pool table green?
a: If you got your balls kicked around, I think you would be green too.

q: Did you hear about the fisherman who was sad about the big one that got away?
a: I hear he's still reeling. 

q: What did the orphan poker player say?
a: Will you raise me?

q: Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms?
a: There's already handicapped stalls.

q: What do you call a dead body and two planks?
a: A "Build your own Jesus" kit.

q: What did the Jewish woman say to her partner?
a: "Don't be gentile."

q: How many trannies does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, it's perfectly happy being broken, it's the fitting that has to change.

q: If a picture is worth a thousand words, then how much is a dank meme worth?
a: 42.

q: Can't remember, does anyone remember the joke about the nut behind the wheel?
a: I am trying to remember it but I can't. It was something about a taxi driver and he didn't speak the language, and the kick was" tell your boss to fix the loose but behind the wheel".  If you remember can you please post it for me here?

q: What's the worst thing about being in an incestuous relationship with your own father?
a: Every time you say to him "I'm horny" he always replies "Hi, horny, I'm dad".

q: Why do midget's laugh when running?
a: Because the grass tickles there balls

q: What Austrian girls and wine have in common?
a: Both mature in a cellar.

q: Why are commercial flights always cheaper for vultures?
a: All their luggage is carrion.

q: Why do people nickname Cersei's kids after sandwich meats?
a: Because they're both in bread

q: Why was the lion alone and disheartened?
a: He lost his pride in a bet

q: Whats the fastest way to cut down a tree?
a: Suh Dude

q: Did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off?
a: It's OK. He's all right now.

q: Did you hear about the Casino that hired a Blacksmith?
a: He who smelt it, dealt it.

q: Cure for Aids/Cancer is the solution mathematical?
a: This might really stupid and wierd but I have never heard of someone who has had Aids and Cancer. First of all the level of unlucky would be really high. Secondly a thought came to my mind what if aids was the cure for cancer and vice versa ? I mean if we follow a logical and mathetical based theory it could be completly and indisputably correct. In math "-" + "-"= +. Therefore, Aids (-) + Cancer (-) should equal to something positive.

q: Did you hear the one about the deaf man?
a: Neither did he. 

q: When two ants want to run away and get married, who do they seek for help?
a: The Antelopes.

q: Why don't they have Oktoberfest in Africa?
a: Because nobody there is much of a drinker.

q: What is JigSaw's favorite genre of music?
a: Trap 

q: Want to hear a joke about Russia?
a: Soviet

q: Did you hear about the depressed man going on a cross country road trip?
a: He's weeping the nation.

q: What do you call an expert that studies sign language?
a: A signtist!

q: Why did the little crab keep all the treasure for himself?
a: Because he was a little shellfish.

q: How long does it take for a Homeless man's stomach to be full?
a: A couple of seconds.

q: How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 17, 1 to hold the lightbulb, 1 to hold the ladder and the other 15 to drink whiskey until the roof spins

q: Why do black people only have nightmares?
a: Because we killed the only one who had a dream.

q: What did one meme say to the other meme?
a: Dank

q: What do you call it when George Thorogood farts on a throne?
a: Air to the bone

q: Why is CoD: Infinite Warfare set in space?
a: Because no one on earth wants to buy it.

q: What's the difference between a fridge and a gay guy?
a: The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.

q: What's the easiest way to get a little head?
a: The Zika virus.

q: Why did Mary Magdalen love Jesus?
a:  Because he was hung like this

q: What do you call an Irish sniper?
a: amon

q: How can I give myself a 12 inch penis?
a: Fold it in half. ( ) 

q: What's it called when you have sex early in the day after a funeral?
a: Mourning Sex. 

q: Knock knock? Who's there? Come in. Come in who?
a: Me.

q: What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just killed?
a: Isaac Newton died a virgin.

q: Why did the Romans pay their soldiers in salt?
a: So they would end up with seasoned veterans.

q: Where do computer scientists go to have a drink?
a: To the foobar.

q: What's the difference between eating out pussy and drinking American Beer?
a: Pussy only tastes like piss in the beginning.

q: What's the national bird of Pakistan?
a: US Army Drone

q: Did you hear the joke about the sewage back-up at the juice bar?
a: No?  Well, that's okay.  It had a shitty punch line.

q: Why did the gay man wear a Nicoderm patch?
a: So he could cut down to only two butts a day.

q: What's green and eats nuts?
a: Syphilis

q: What do you call a dirty ear?
a: Earotic

q: What do you call somebody with no body and just a nose?
a: Nobody knows!

q: Would you marry again?
a: A husband and wife were golfing when suddenly the wife asked, "Honey, if I died would you get married again?"   The husband said, "No sweetie."  The woman said, "I'm sure you would."  So the man said, "Okay, I would"  Then the woman asked, "Would you let her sleep in our bed?"  And the man replied, "Ya, I guess so."  Then the wife asked, "Would you let her use my golf clubs?"   And the husband replied, "No, she's left handed."

q: Why do so many people like Harry Potter?
a: It's a charming story.

q: What did the alien say to the cat?
a: Take me to your litter. 

q: How do you start to politely tell someone that their God isn't in the stars?
a: "Well... If it's any constellation..."

q: How did the T-Rex feel after his workout session?
a: He felt dinosore.

q: What's up?
a: Not Egyptian Air

q: Hillary and Donald are in a plane that crashed. Who survived?
a: The pilot who jumped out with a parachute.

q: What is Trump's favorite disney movie?
a: Wall-E

q: Could eating a lot of spaghetti make me a better dad?
a: I suppose it's pastable.

q: Where is the best place in town to buy marijuana?
a: High Street, of course.

q: How do Jewish kids learn to count?
a: 10% off, 20% off, 30% off

q: You know why you shouldn't eat spaghetti late at night?
a: Because it'll keep you up Pasta you bedtime. 

q: Why didn't the American get the burger?
a: ...because the heart attack got him first.

q: How do you get Sigmund Freud to screw a lightbulb?
a: Tell him the lightbulb is his mother.

q: What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
a: One is a Goodyear and one is a great year

q: What's ET short for?
a: He's only got little legs

q: What do you call a homeless college student?
a: A philosophy major

q: What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants?
a: Hey man urine

q: How can you tell that God is a man, and not a woman?
a: If God were a woman, she would have made semen taste like chocolate! 

q: Why are children's birthday parties never held in outer space?
a: Because I hear that in space there is no ice-cream.

q: Why did the hard drive crash?
a: Because it had a bad driver.

q: What goes over the water, and under the water, but stays dry?
a: Jesus in a submarine.

q: What days are strong days?
a: Saturday and Sunday, because the rest are weak days.

q: u know whats funny?
a: Pom

q: Did you know musicians have a special bone in their body that helps them play better?
a: The trombone

q: What do you call a person who is outstanding in their field?
a: A farmer

q: How do you know a joke is a repost?
a: It's on the front page 

q: What is the difference between ID and ED?
a: One of them is a flimsy thing that refuses to stand up on it's own. The other is a medical condition.

q: What do you call 10 Mexican kids in a school?
a: A construction site

q: Did you know Helen Keller had a dog?
a: Neither did she 

q: Why am I just so naturally funny?
a: Because my life is a joke. Dont worry Im not scuicidal

q: Who has seen more black dick than all the Kardashians combined?
a: A Chibok school girl 

q: How do you stop a rhino from charging?
a: You unplug it!

q: What's the best Disney song to listen to while having a threesome?
a: You've Got a Friend in Me

q: Do you know any columbine jokes?
a: I guess I'll give it a shot

q: What did the man say after he forgot to pull out?
a: I regret nutting!!!

q: How are the homeless like votes?
a: Republicans have them thrown out.

q: What's the difference between cereal, bagels, and babies?
a: I don't like eating cereal every morning

q: Are you my homework?
a: Because I wanna slam you on my desk and do you all night. 

q: How many 'sah dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, it's already lit.

q: What is it called when you sleep talk about your subconscious feelings ?
a: A Freudian Sleep.

q: What do you call a funny psychic?
a: A comedium.

q: Why are popcorn just like people?
a: Everything is fine as long as they are white, it is when they turn black it starts to be a problem.

q: What do elves learn in school?
a: The elf-abet.

q: What do you call a fat alien?
a: An extra-cholesterol. ...I'm so sorry.

q: Have you heard the joke about the kid who was deaf?
a: neither has he

q: How do you kill a vegan?
a: A steak through their heart.

q: What's the difference between America and a pot of yogurt?
a: If you leave a pot of yogurt alone for 200 years it develops a culture.

q: Why black people can't be seen in black and white movies?
a: Becuase they're working in the mine.

q: Why did the doctor go the furniture store?
a: Because he needed a stool sample.

q: What do you do if a women assaults you with a knife ?
a: Throw her a bread loaf and her natural instinct will take over resulting in her making you a sandwich

q: What do you call a guy who gets drinks for a fat girl in a nightclub?
a: A bartender 

q: How do you get out of jail in Mars?
a: You eat the mars bars.

q: Why do so many college kids need free healthcare?
a: Because they are feeling the Bern.

q: What is the similarities between Bernie Madoff and Atoms?
a: They both make up everything!

q: Why do New Zealand farmers now wear kilts?
a: Because the sheep have gotten used to the sound of zippers

q: How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss?
a: Jesus!

q: Where did Sally go during 9/11?
a: Everywhere

q: What do you call a robbery at a bakery?
a: A bread-stick-em-up!

q: Why is six scared of seven?
a: Because seven is black.

q: What do you call a Mexican drowning in a vat of cheese?
a: Nacho problem.

q: Why did Hellen Keller's dog run away?
a: You would run away too if your name was MUWWAAAUY

q: What's a monks favorite song?
a: Sweet Ohm Alabama. 

q: What is God's favorite guitar chord?
a: Gsus

q: What do you call a lizard on drugs?
a: A mariguana.

q: What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman?
a: One's a Fe-Male, and the other's a woman in a power suit.

q: What do a necrophiliac and an alcoholic have in common?
a: They both like to crack open a cold one

q: What is a gingerbread woman's favorite thing to wear for a porn film?
a: CumDrop Buttons

q: What's the Pope iTunes play-list name?
a: Pray-list.

q: What does an engineer use for birth control?
a: Their personality.

q: [META] What's the deal with reddit being obsessed about puns?
a: I've never...   META ... group of people so obsessed with puns before..      Fine, I'll leave :(:(

q: What do you get when you visit the dentist with a dollar?
a: Buck-teeth!

q: What does a walrus have in common with tupperware?
a: They both like a tight seal

q: What animal is best at playing hide and seek?
a: The airplane.

q: What happens to a girl with anxiety when she sees a Spanish person?
a: She has a hispanic attack

q: What is long, black, and smells like shit?
a: The welfare line.

q: What was the ancient language Link needed a book to translate in "A Link to the Past"?
a: Hyruleglyphics.

q: What do you call an automatic goalkeeping machine?
a: Automatic Neuer

q: What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common?
a: A sudden surge of seamen.

q: When to leave your girlfriend?
a: When your wife's clothes start to fit her.

q: How did Jared lose 40lbs?
a: He dumped his girlfriend.

q: What do you call a gun inside a church?
a: A weapon of mass disruption!

q: What's the difference between a white bodybuilder and a black bodybuilder?
a: A white bodybuilder has 6 packs whereas a black bodybuilder has 2 pac

q: What are the two best arguments against democracy?
a: Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton

q: Why were the Beakers all packed and moved out of the university lab?
a: They were graduated

q: How do black people say their vowels?
a: Aye E, I owe you...

q: How do your organize a space party?
a: You planet! (It won't turn out well though because it has no atmosphere.)

q: What's the difference between Iron Man and Iron Woman ?
a: One is a super hero and the other is a simple command. 

q: What is a group of hooligans acting like they are Vietnamese called?
a: Gang, 'Nam Style.

q: What do you call the High Sparrow who is caught molesting kids?
a: The Deviated Septon.

q: What did the sheep say to the sheepdog faking deafness?
a: "You herd me!"

q: What's worse than a baby stapled to a tree?
a: A baby stapled to ten trees.

q: What was the engineer's reaction to his wife being too heavy?
a: Cantilever? (can't I leave her) 

q: " What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies?
a: snowballs

q: What did the Swedish chef say to his girlfriend when he found out she was pregnant?
a: Abort - Bort - Bort!

q: What's the scariest thing about a white man in prison?
a: You know he did it.

q: What do you call a Filipino yoga instructor?
a: A Manila Folder.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
a: Pizza's don't scream when you put them in the oven.

q: What do French labor reforms and French citizens have in common?
a: They'll never work.

q: What's the difference between a corvette and a blowjob?
a: Your mom didn't give me a corvette

q: Do you know the difference between 5 minutes of blowjob and 5 minutes of sodomy ?
a: Do you have 10 minutes ?

q: Why haven't any subscribers to r/TheRedPill played Overwatch yet?
a: They don't play the beta.

q: What is a nickname for any black man?
a: Tripod, because they have an extra leg..

q: Why is your shit tapered?
a: So your asshole don't slam shut.

q: What you call a black priest?
a: Holy shit.

q: What's got 9 arms and sucks?
a: Def Leppard

q: Why is it impossible to mistake a penis for a vagina?
a: Because there's a vas deference.

q: What do you call a song being played 100 yards away that makes people pass out?
a: Faint music.

q: Did you hear about the accountant that audited the greengrocer?
a: Sure was a turnip for the books

q: What does Michael Vick do in a plane?
a: Have a dog fight.

q: How did the Manicurist feel after her salon was robbed?
a: Defiled.

q: What do you throw a drowning Mexican?
a: His wife and kids.

q: Why illegal immigrants are never seen on dvds or cassettes?
a: Because they are always streaming in!

q: What's the most fucked up thing you can do to a blind person?
a: Leave the plunger in the toilet! 

q: Why did Romeo and Juliet break up?
a: They were in a   relationship!

q: What's a pedophile's favorite music scale?
a: A minor

q: What begins with an "s", ends with a "x" and leaves a guy blown away?
a: Semtex. 

q: What do you get when you make a condiment out of an expensive car?
a: Porsche-tchesire sauce 

q: How can you tell if a farmer is a good farmer?
a: He's out standing in his field

q: How many Dragonball characters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but it takes him 20 episodes.

q: What do you get when you mix a fly, a snake head, and Mickey Mouse?
a: The hell out of there.

q: What do you call a group of paralyzed hippies?
a: Organic Vegetables.

q: Why can't Ray Charles see his friends?
a: Because he's married.

q: How do you get an emo out of a tree?
a: Untie the rope...

q: Who knows why my face is so repulsive?
a: Dick knows.

q: Whats the most stupid thing you've seen a Bernie Sanders supporter do?
a: Vote for Bernie in a primary. 

q: What does the United States and your asshole have in common?
a: They both have been destroyed by a black man.

q: What does a man say after sex?
a: Nothing, he's happy and content with life.

q: Why do black men cry after sex?
a: From the pepper spray.

q: What do you call a cow masterbating?
a: Beef stroganoff 

q: Are you being followed?
a: Because I've been seeing people behind your back.

q: what do you call the most famous canadian hacking group?
a: anonymoose.

q: How, would you answer this question?
a: No. -How

q: What kind of bird does not make babies?
a: A swallow

q: Why does Middle Eastern civilization have no major accomplishments?
a: .

q: What's a foot long, is as hard as wood, and is slippery?
a: A wooden slipper

q: What do black people do after sex?
a: 15 to life

q: How many Hal 9000 computer systems does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I cannot do that"

q: WTF?
a: Whats Orange and sounds like a Parrot? A Carrot!

q: Why is Paul Walker and Rihannas new song the same?
a: They both went up in flames.

q: Why there are so many avenues in France?
a: Because german soldiers like to march in the shade

q: What do you call a gay keyboard layout?
a: Qweerty

q: What did the hungry boss give his worker?
a: Their celery! 

q: What did the man ask the bush after being attacked by it?
a: The man asked "Why did you attack me?" The bush replied "I am bush."

q: Do you know what I miss about my childhood?
a: Not caring about spelling and chocolate milf

q: What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie?
a: The Breakfast Club.

q: What is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour?
a: A frog in the blender

q: Hi, what can I get for 25 cents?
a: You can get the fuck out.

q: How do you save a suicidal procrastinator?
a: Tell them it can probably wait 'til tomorrow.

q: What has a beginning and an end, but nothing in the middle?
a: Life.

q: What do you call a woman with a purple vagina?
a: Satisfied

q: How do you keep a club exclusively for straight edgers?
a: You weed out the rest

q: Did you know your kitchen faucet might raid your house?
a: Let that sink in...

q: Why did the shower heads at Auschwitz have 11 holes?
a: Jews only have ten fingers.

q: What did the baby corn say to the mommy corn?
a: Wheres pop corn?

q: what's another word for "religion"?
a: insurance scam 

q: Why does Ken fit in so well on reddit?
a: Because he comes in a box.

q: What do you call a skateboarding preist?
a: Righteous. 

q: What word starts with N, ends with R, and you never wanna call a black guy?
a: Neighour

q: If Microsoft created a dynasty, would it be called the Bing Dynasty?
a: xD

q: What is the difference between a joke and three dicks?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: Why did Levi invent such nice trousers?
a: Because he had good genes.

q: What's the difference between Mr. Jokes and Mr. Dicks?
a: Mr. Jokes doesn't get mistaken for my dick.

q: I farted...want a spoon?
a: "I farted...want a spoon?" "Why?" "SO YOU CAN EAT MY ASS!"

q: what has more brains than kurt Cobain?
a: the wall behind him

q: What's a pedophile's favorite musical scale?
a: D minor!

q: What do you call it when a really large number marries a small number?
a: A Ranged Marriage 

q: Why did Karl Marx hate Earl Grey?
a: Because all proper tea is theft.

q: Q: Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive?
a: A: Because she was a woman.

q: Why do Hutterites children pretend to be pirates?
a: Because they ARRRRRRR retarded 

q: What do gays and my car have in common?
a: They both get busted up when I run over the gay 

q: What do you call a love triangle between a white person, a black person and a native american?
a: Neapolitan.

q: How did the feminist die?
a: Alone

q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A fish

q: Who was the only president that was not guilty?
a: Lincoln. He was in a cent.

q: How do the Irish cure a hangover?
a: With a funeral.

q: Why did the kid cross the road?
a: to go to a better place.

q: Why cant Miss Piggy count to 100?
a: Every time she gets to 69 she has a frog in her throat.

q: What do you call a lesbian version of Grindr?
a: Scisr.

q: Has anyone heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
a: It never gets old.

q: Why do feminists always complain about video games?
a: Because they're too stupid to learn how to make them.

q: What is faster Hot or cold?
a: Hot, because you can catch a cold.

q: Why do chicken coops have only two doors?
a: If they had four doors they would be chicken sedans.

q: Why did Donald Trump pardon the Mexican pole vaulter who jumped over his wall?
a: Trump: "Well, he's like me in a lot of ways.  He has to clear a bar that people think he can't go beyond,  he stays up in the poles, and no matter if he does good or bad he always lands on his back on a cushy bed.  He's wonderful.  Or I should say, "Juan-derful." I really should." 

q: What's Al Gore's dancer name?
a: Algorithm.

q: How does Soylent Green taste?
a: It varies from person to person.

q: What do you call a chicken staring at lettuce?
a: Chicken sees a salad 

q: What do you tell someone annoying you need a moment?
a: One sec, cunt.

q: What do you call a deaf dog?
a: It doesn't matter, it can't hear you anyway.

q: How do porcupines hug?
a: Carefully!

q: Why did John F. Kennedy take a cab home?
a: Because he had too many shots.

q: Why'd the dog cross the road?
a: Cause he's a dog.

q: Did you hear about the comedian who was arrested for domestic violence?
a: Did you hear about the comedian who was arrested for domestic violence? He was a real niece slapper.

q: Why did the man break up with his girlfriend who had a lazy eye?
a: Because she was seeing somebody on the side.   

q: How did Jesus stay in shape?
a: Crossfit

q: What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch?
a: Names!

q: Did you read the novel about the US drug epidemic?
a: The heroin gets abused.

q: How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Lets go play on our bikes.

q: Why did the Mexican civil war last so long?
a: Because they were fighting Juan on Juan.

q: What are the two dirtiest farm animals?
a: Brown chicken brown cow!  

q: Have you ever eaten an eyeball?
a: Neither have I.

q: Why does Donald Trump insist on Mexico building the wall between at the US/Mexico border?
a: Because he doesn't want to hire illegal immigrants.

q: What lies upside down a hundred feet in the air?
a: A dead centipede. 

q: How do you make a salad wrap?
a: By adding some beets

q: What is the difference between 400 dead babies and a watermelon?
a: I don't have a watermelon in my garage.

q: What do you call an Asian woman who lives next to a data centre?
a: Ping Lo.

q: What's Jacob Sartorius' Favourite Anime?
a: Bleach.

q: What's the Difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
a: Michael Phelps can finish a race.

q: How are Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd similar?
a: Both's greatest hit was The Wall

q: Wanna read a really dirty joke?
a: A white horse fell in the mud

q: Why do people carry around umbrellas?
a: Because they can't carry themselves

q: What's a nickname for a procrastinator?
a: Come on, this is reddit. What's your nickname? 

q: What's the difference between a woman and a man?
a: A woman will buy something on sale even if she doesn't need it. A man will buy something he needs at full price. Then, what is the difference between a black woman and a black man? The black woman will steal something she doesn't need. The black man goes to jail because you can't hide diapers under a shirt.

q: What do you call a Spanish matador who is not very good at his job?
a: I'd say he's fairly incapa .

q: What wood doesn't float?
a: Natalie Wood.

q: How many vegans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to get up on his high horse and another to chastise the first about oppressing horses.

q: What do this joke and a vacuum cleaner have in common?
a: This joke sucks.

q: How can you tell if your son is gay?
a: Ask him to go to a football game. If he can't go, because he's busy sucking his boyfriend's dick, he might be gay.

q: Shall We Try Different Position Tonight?
a: Wife: Shall We Try Different Position Tonight? Husband: Excellent idea! Wife: OK YOU Stand at Sink and Wash Dishes AND  I Will Lie On Sofa And Watch TV..;-p

q: How can you tell when an idiot's depressed?
a: Go stand in front of a mirror

q: How many dothraki does it take to open a door?
a: Idk, but they sure are hot.

q: How do you kill 200 flies at once?
a: You slap an Ethiopian in the face.  

q: What do you call an angry prostitute?
a: Whoremonal. 

q: What do you call a shooting at a Mexican golf course?
a: A hole in Juan

q: What did the Jewish guy say to the atheist?
a: God Is-real!!!!!!!!!

q: What's a Dragon Ball fan's favourite food?
a: Vegeta-bles

q: Why can't you put two dicks in one condom?
a: Because it's too hard...

q: Why don't poor people go to funerals?
a: They can't afford to pay respects.

q: Did you see the movie about the demolition team?
a: It did a great job of breaking the fourth wall.

q: What do you get if you put 20 blondes in a row standing ear to ear?
a: A wind tunnel.

q: What did the Borg's existential brother say (Star Trek)?
a: Existence is futile. 

q: What do you call an abortion in Prague?
a: A cancelled Czech.  

q: Why does Jesus hate M&Ms?
a: They keep falling through his hands.

q: Why do Canadians like doggy style so much?
a: So they can both watch the hockey game!

q: What do you call an astronaut that doesn't like being touched?
a: A personal space man

q: What animal do psychiatrists bring in to mental hospitals to help patients with social anxiety?
a: Squirrels; they're the best at getting nuts out of their shells. 

q: Grandad: hey Sonny, what's the name of that German?
a: Grandson: for the thousandth time grandad, it's Alzheimer 

q: What did Bill Gates say to Steve Jobs?
a: Your products are fruity.

q: What did the milk say after it got beat?
a: ...It's butter this way

q: How do you know if an introvert likes you when you're talking to them?
a: They'll stare at your shoes instead of theirs.

q: Why do bird watchers invest so much money in breast cancer awareness?
a: Because they are greatly satisfied by seeing Tucans.

q: What is the name of your car?
a: Lady: I forgot the name, but is starts with 'T'. Sardar: Oh, what a strange car, starts with Tea. All cars that I know start with petrol.

q: What is Hitler's favourite game?
a: Meinkraft.

q: What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree?
a: a porcupine

q: What was Hitler's favorite letter?
a: Not z!

q: Why did the bad demon burn after finding the length it took to rise diagonally from hell?
a: cos' sin tans

q: Why does the US love Israel so much?
a: Because is a raeli good country

q: What do you call nuts on the wall?
a: Walnuts. What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.

q: How are Fabio and a bagel the same?
a: Great lox

q: What will they play at the presidential inauguration if Republicans win?
a: Trump-ets I'll see myself out

q: whats the difference between Congress and a condom?
a: You can only fit one dick in a condom.

q: How many Redditors does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 1000 One to change it and 999 to walk into the same room and change the same light bulb without checking to see if it needed changing first.

q: What do you calla nosy pepper?
a: Jalapeno business 

q: Why are redneck murders so hard to solve?
a: There's no dental records and all the DNA matches

q: What do you call a Mexican midget?
a: A paragraph, because he is not a full essay.

q: Guy exposes himself with a boner and is arrested. How did he get off?
a: It wouldn't stand up in court

q: Why did the bartender put on a sweater?
a: She thought it was a little drafty.

q: (Amazingly, an original joke!) Where will they put Deadmau5 when he dies?
a: In a Mau5oleum!

q: Is there any upside to living in Switzerland??
a: The flag is a big plus.

q: How do you kill vegetarian vampires?
a: With a steak to the heart.

q: Hey you hear about that gay midget?
a: Yeah, he came out of the cupbard.

q: What do a woman and a bar have in common?
a: Liquor in the front, poker in the back. 

q: Why did the agnostic man cross the road?
a: To get to the other side, but he was very spiritually uncertain add he did so. 

q: The one good thing about Hitler?
a: He killed Hitler.

q: What does a cannibal do after dumping their girlfriend?
a: They wipe, flush, and wash their hands

q: How do you surprise Helen Keller?
a: Leave the plunger in the toilet

q: Where do Star Wars rebel officers eat?
a: The Admiral Snackbar.

q: Why did Hitler get hit in the face with a baseball?
a: Because he did Nazi it coming.

q: What do you call an addiction to dead black people?
a: Negrophelia.

q: What does an egg say when it gets turnt?
a: Omelette

q: What do you call a slutty toaster?
a: A crumb dumpster

q: What did Stalin say to all the thousands of people he killed?
a: Crimea river

q: What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk?
a: Woof.

q: What's the best part of having Alzheimer's?
a: You get to meet new people everyday!

q: How do electricians meditate?
a: Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm

q: What do you call 100 black people on a plane to Africa?
a: A good start.

q: How do you get a hippy pregnant ?
a: Cum on her feet and let the flies to the rest.

q: What do you say to a girl with a black eye?
a: Nothing. You already told her.

q: How do you know if your room mate is gay?
a: his dick tastes like shit

q: How do you create Offspring?
a: You hit them right between the thighs

q: What do Prostitutes offer?
a: Sexual cervixes.

q: What do you call a happy cow?
a: Laughing stock.  What do you call a grumpy cow? A Feminist

q: What did the sea monster have for dinner?
a: Fish and ships. 

q: Why Are Cats Bad Debaters?
a: Because they're always pussyfooting! 

q: Why are black jews the worst off race?
a: They have to sit at the back of the oven.

q: What do you call the fourth musketeer if he's gone to the dark side?
a: Darth-tagnan 

q: Have you heard of the pelican?
a: It's bill fits more than its belly can

q: Did you hear about the guy with the right side of his body removed?
a: What you see is what's left

q: Why did the Pokemon Company offer me a role in their upcoming TV Series?
a: So they could Starmie.

q: Why did Hitler lose WWII?
a: He did NAZI it coming

q: What happens when you text while driving?
a: I don't know, I've never tri

q: What is the best "bang for your buck"?
a: Vaseline.

q: What's thr difference between the chinese and racism?
a: Racism has many faces.

q: Why do Pokmon have eyes?
a: So they can pikachu 

q: What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, you've already told her twice...

q: What do you get when you cross an atheist and a christian?
a: An argument

q: How much of northern Canada is habitable?
a: none of it.

q: What do you call Nightwing in a coffin?
a: Dick in a box.

q: What do you get when you cross a retard with a gang banger?
a: Someone who sprays graffiti on chain link fences.

q: Why was Luke Skywalker late?
a: He didn't run, ewok-ed.

q: Why are black men taller than white men?
a: Because their knee grows.

q: How can you tell when the Mexicans have moved into your neighborhood?
a: The Blacks get car insurance.

q: How many immigrants does donald trump need to change a lightbulb?
a: None because no juan will be left to change it

q: What do you call a pop star that marries Rowan Atkinson?
a: Avril Labean

q: Have you ever tried to eat your own watch?
a: Well it's very time consuming.

q: How do you put an elephant in a safeway bag?
a: : How do you put an elephant in a safeway bag? : I don't know, how? : Take the S away from "safe" and the F out of "way." : But there's no F in way. :

q: How to you get rid of the dandelions on your lawn?
a: Paint one of them black; the others will move away.

q: What's better than winning a Silver Medal at the Paralympics?
a: Not being disabled. 

q: What is the difference between a baby and a mars bar?
a: About 500 calories.

q: What did the bra say to the hat?
a: What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead and I'll give these two a lift.

q: What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
a: The taste.

q: Did you hear about the Woodstock Killer?
a: He was charged for murder within tents.

q: How did one pothead greet the other?
a: High

q: What do you call a guy who has sex with bums?
a: A hobosexual.

q: What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?
a: A golfer goes "Whack, crap!", and a skydiver goes " Crap, whack!".

q: What do you call chickpeas cooked in a waffle iron?
a: Fawaffle!

q: What's the difference between a Ritz and a lesbian?
a: One is a snack cracker and the other a crack snacker. 

q: You hear the one about the transgender student?
a: He spent his Junior year a broad. 

q: Why should you never hire a Jewish plumber?
a: They all seem to get a bit weird around showers.

q: Who's the grumpiest pirate?
a: Wastewater Bill- because he only comes once a month!

q: Wanna know which brand of glasses I have?
a: Guess.

q: What is the tastiest car ever?
a: The BMW I8.

q: Why are atheists so dumb?
a: Because if they were smart, they'd be theists!

q: What do you call two guys above a window?
a: Kurt and Rod

q: Did you hear about the dog who committed suicide?
a: It was really ruff on his family

q: Why are airplane crashes in the ocean so visible?
a: They're plane to sea

q: What did Darth Vader say to Admiral Motti after browsing his collection of George Michael records?
a: "I find your lack of Faith disturbing."

q: Which Greek god was annoyed by his invitation to the Goddess Dyslexia's party?
a: Ares.

q: What do you call a Hispanic midget?
a: Paragraph. Because he's not even a full ese. 

q: Whats the difference between a dollar and a jew?
a: I would care if I lost 6 million dollars

q: Did you hear the one about the Mexican train bandit?
a: He had locomotives.

q: What has caused Caitlyn Jenner to put on weight?
a: Trans fats.

q: How would you describe frankenstein's birth?
a: Shocking!

q: Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in five years?
a: Me: My greatest weakness? I'm a bad listener.

q: Who did the ghost-boy write to during his trip to ghost-summercamp?
a: There is no afterlife. 

q: What do you call a clean, good looking well behaved monster?
a: a failure!

q: What's a similarity between Hitler and Gordon Ramsey?
a: They both know how to use an oven.

q: How many TSA agents does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. TSA agents only know how to remove clothes; putting them on is different matter completely.

q: What's a Cuban's favorite song?
a: Row row row your boat Over to Key West Scarily scarily scarily scarily Avoid the INS

q: Did you hear about the score of the football match between Egypt and Ethiopia?
a: Egypt 8 - Ethiopia didn't....

q: Where do poor noodles live?
a: In the spaghetto

q: What happens when you give a lawyer Viagra?
a: He gets taller

q: What's Ludacris' favorite cheese?
a: GOUDA!

q: What's E.T short for?
a: Because he's got little legs

q: What's Ned Stark's favorite cereal?
a: Raisin Bran

q: Know what's the best part about my supervisor having an identical twin?
a: I get to watch him die twice.

q: You know how to make a tissue dance?
a: You put a little boogie in it.

q: What is grey and comes in quarts?
a: An elephant

q: How do Jewish children tie their shoes?
a: With little Knotsies!

q: How many Suhhh Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, it's already lit fam

q: Why do tampons have strings attached?
a: So you can floss after you eat. Alt ending:  So the crabs can bungee jump.

q: Why don't ants like to have sex?
a: They always find its an anticlimax. 

q: Why couldn't the redneck kid play baseball?
a: Because he fell down a stairs and his dad definitely didn't break his legs.

q: What was wrong with Han Solo's "Hanburgers"?
a: They were really Chewie!

q: What kind of guy enjoys a girl on her period?
a: A vampire

q: What is the most common pickup line in a gay bar?
a: Can I push in your stool?

q: Why do you never see a pregnant plane?
a: They always go to the hanger.

q: How long does an owl live?
a: About six and a half books.

q: How do you stop an Internet troll?
a: Seize their memes of production.

q: What did the defendant say when he saw his picture hung up in the courtroom?
a: I've been framed.

q: How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, but the lightbulb has to WANT to change.

q: What does a gynocologist and a pizza man have in common?
a: Thay can smell the goods, but they can't taste them.

q: How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.

q: What did one frog say to the other?
a: Reddit

q: What did the man eat for breakfast that was so outlandish, not even he could believe it?
a: A bowl of surreal.

q: Why did the hipster cross the internet?
a: To get to an other site, before it gets more than 3 hits and becomes. 'mainstream'

q: What do you call a know-it-all that likes doing bad stuff to kids?
a: Encyclopedophile

q: Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend?
a: Because they're both cauldron

q: Whats's better than roses on your piano?
a: Tulips on your organ.

q: Q. What is the color of the wind?
a: A. Blew. 

q: How do you call a homosexual, German bird that happens to be a father?
a: Papagei

q: Q: Why did Xzibit cross the road?
a: A: To get to the other Ride

q: Q: What size of sweaters do seagulls like?
a: Q: What size of sweaters do seagulls like? A: Egg-stra Barge

q: What does a lawyer, a pine tree, and a hydrogen atom have in common?
a: Absolutely nothing.

q: Why are dwarfs so good at math?
a: Because it's the little things that count.

q: How do you make a Kleenex dance?
a: Blow a little boogie into it!

q: Why doesn't Hermione keep her money at Gringotts?
a: Offshore investment gains a better return. 

q: How do you make a Cat sound like a Dog?
a: You pour some gasoline on it, light it on fire and it will go 

q: What's so meta that you almost crap your pants?
a: Metamucil

q: Would you like to know the best way to avoid drama?
a: Just stop going to plays!

q: What does a junkie use for protection during sex?
a: a bus shelter

q: Where do the stormtroopers like to eat?
a: At the Bo Buffet

q: What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and a tub of glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna.

q: What do you call an organization that does demographic surveys of energy weapon owners?
a: The Pew Pew Research Center

q: What did the sign on the closed brothel say?
a: Beat it. We're closed

q: Why is the Energizer Bunny such a slut?
a: He takes 2 Ds at the same time

q: What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt?
a: A cairopractor.

q: Did you hear about the woman who got Alzheimer's after removing her breasts?
a: She lost her mammaries

q: Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
a: A: Lonely

q: Did you hear about the pirate captain selling cheap corn?
a: It was a buccaneer.

q: What did Ernie say when his friend tried to convince him he was ice cream?
a: Are you surebert?

q: Sweatshirts are my favorite thing to wear, like am I wearing a bra?
a: Probably not because I'm a guy, but the mystery is still there..

q: What is the most religious martial art?
a: Jewjitsu

q: Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund?
a: Because he wanted to...  "Get along little doggy" 

q: Why is Coolio always able to play craps?
a: He's got a gangsta's pair a dice.

q: Why did Soviet dictator always drive an automatic transmission?
a: He was always Stalin in his manual!

q: Why do Jews have such large noses?
a: Air is free

q: What type of meat do catholic priests eat on Friday?
a: Nun.

q: What did Obama say to Dalai Lama at last peace conference?
a: "Don't worry I won't Bide'n"

q: That kid didn't really find a lost Mayan city. The sites that promoted the story?
a: I guess they'll issue a... Maya culpa. 

q: Why was the comedian so depressed?
a: He felt like everyone was just laughing at him. 

q: What do you call a white goose?
a: A swannanbe.

q: What fight style involves fighting for money?
a: Jewjitsu

q: How many mangoes make a dozen?
a: Six girls ;)

q: whats the difference between my driveway and 14 year old daughter?
a: ... I pull out of my driveway

q: Have you heard about the insomniac agnostic dyslexic guy?
a: He stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: What does a terrorist tell hes son?
a: Aim to the sky, maybe you'll shoot a plane.

q: Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek?
a: Because he was always spotted.

q: What is it called when Batman leaves church early?
a: Christian Bale.

q: Why is does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
a: Because if it had 4 doors it'd be called a chicken sedan.  (better if saying it out loud because of the spelling of coop/coupe) ;-;

q: What do you call a Chinese conga line?
a: A Chu Chu train

q: What do fat girls do in the summertime?
a: Stink.  

q: What do a plate of homemade brownies and a golden shower have in common?
a: Urine for a treat. 

q: Did you hear about the mooning emoji?
a: Its colon was showing

q: What do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard?
a: Pillow fight

q: Why do toilets flush after getting pissed on?
a: They get embarrassed.

q: Why did the dog chase the bulldozer?
a: It doesn't like Cats.

q: How do you make a chocolate omelette?
a: With Easter Eggs!

q: What kind of tree likes a high five?
a: A palm tree

q: How does a gay religious terrorist spend his vacation in Cuba?
a: Infidel Castro

q: What is the only bent straight line?
a: Its one direction of course.

q: Why does Donald Trump hate Casper the ghost?
a: Because he can go through walls.

q: How does Donald Trump plan to silence the terrorists?
a: Muzzle 'em

q: What do you call a French bathroom with a bomb in it?
a: Linoleum Blownapart

q: Who Let The Dogs Out?
a: Ramsay Bolton.

q: Did you hear about the gay Irish Dentists?
a: Ben Dover and Phil Mcavity!

q: What happened to the guy who replaced his laxatives with Prozac?
a: He didn't give a sh...

q: Did you hear about the blond who got hurt while raking leaves?
a: she fell off the tree.

q: what do redditors and dick pics have in common?
a: Most girls don't want them. BAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Some OC right hur!

q: What did the student say to his math teacher after his dog ate part of his homework?
a: I got 99 problems, but a bitch ate one.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: One has to shuck in between fits... the other has to fuck in between shits.

q: What's the difference between the United States and some yoghurt?
a: After 200 years, the Yoghurt develops a culture.

q: Why do you give children who swallowed poison some milk?
a: To make them happy before they die.

q: What do you call someone who pretends to be gay?
a: A dandelion.

q: How do two psychiatrists greet each other?
a: "You are fine, how am I?"

q: Who makes more money a drug dealer or a prostitute?
a: A prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack. 

q: Why did the hotel refuse hospitality to the Navy?
a: They didn't want their rooms covered with seamen.

q: Why is the second traffic citation always easier to read?
a: Because it's re-fined!

q: What was Jesus favorite games?
a: Hangman and lacrosse 

q: Q: Why did Adele cross the road?
a: A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!" 

q: What do you call a feminist sea creature?
a: A seafenenemi. **slaps knee

q: What would you call Macaulay Culkin if he was black?
a: Homie alone 

q: How do you stop an elephant going through the eye of a needle?
a: By tying a knot on its tail.

q: Why did the French chef commit suicide?
a: he lost his huile d'olive

q: How did Sigmund Freud die?
a: He slipped

q: What do you call a joke on drugs?
a: Highlarious

q: What is the greatest right given to Muslim women?
a: The right to remain silent. 

q: What do you call the opposite of a cynic?
a: a dupe.

q: Why is there a "D" in fridge but not in refrigerator?
a: Because you don't put the "D" in the big ones.

q: Why do rappers always get arrested?
a: Because he who did the rhyme did the crime

q: What did the bartender say to the girl that tried to steal a drink?
a: It was worth a shot.

q: Why did Rick Astley get fired from his job at the video store?
a: Because he refused to rent someone a copy of the Pixar flick "Up".

q: What do French people do when vacationing in Laos?
a: They go swimming in Laotian

q: What did the oyster say when the monster broke into his home?
a: Shucks

q: Why didn't JFK ever like vodka?
a: Because he couldn't handle a few shots

q: Did you hear Peter Dinklage got pickpocketed?
a: Who would stoop that low?

q: Did you hear about the failed Indian musician?
a: He was hoisted by his own sitar.

q: Why do Jews love sandwiches?
a: Because they're not made in ovens.

q: Did you hear about the snarky prisoner who smarted off to the guard on the elevator?
a: He was a condescending con, descending. 

q: Why was the Nigerian toddler crying?
a: He was going through mid life crisis.

q: Did you hear about the midget psychic wanted for questioning about a murder?
a: They've reported him as a small medium at large.

q: What did Trump say to the Human Cannonball?
a: You'rrre fired!

q: What do you call a group of philosophers?
a: An argument.

q: What happens if Russians fall from an Afghan boat?
a: They sue Kabul Yacht.

q: Why should civil war be taken seriously?
a: Because it's Syria's business.

q: What do you call a melon that will be single forever?
a: Cantaloupe

q: How did Micro-soft get it's name?
a: Because Bill Gates has a 3.5 inch floppy

q: What did the pamphlet say to the booklet when it asked for help?
a: Bro sure!

q: How do you make a Snoop Dogg martini?
a: One part Seagrams gin, one part cotton gin.

q: Why was the wildlife reserve worker weeping next to poached rhino?
a: He liked his rhinos sunny side up. 

q: Why do feminists always seem so unhappy?
a: Because happy people usually leave cults.

q: How do puppets have sex?
a: No strings attached.

q: What is the Hulk's favorite fruit?
a: Avocado. 

q: Why do women fake orgasms?
a: Because they think men care.

q: How do you tell if your eggs are rotten?
a: If your kid has down syndrome.

q: What do you call a collection of memes?
a: A memeoir.

q: What is a pirate's favorite statistic?
a: The Inter-Quartile Range (a.k.a. the IQRrrrrgh!)

q: What type of car did Yoda eat?
a: A BMW i8

q: What's long, hard, black, wet, and full of seamen?
a: A submarine, you dirty fuck.

q: What's the difference between most complex life forms, and the internet?
a: Most complex life forms are a tube within a tube, and the internet is more like a series of tubes.

q: What's Forrest Gump's Password?
a: 1FORREST1

q: I bet you want to hear a ghost joke right?
a: Thats the spirit.

q: What has 3 legs and 3 eyes?
a: Three pirates 

q: What's the useless skin around the vagina?
a: A Woman 

q: Whats the best part of having sex with a transgender?
a: When you are hitting it from the back and go for the reach around, it feels like it went all the way through

q: What do you call a mollusk on a boat?
a: A snailor

q: What do you call a person with native american ancestry and alopecia?
a: apache

q: A: What are you planting???
a: B: The seed of doubt. A: Dude, that's the worst joke I've ever heard! A: Or is it the best???

q: What do you call an alien that's also a pedophile?
a: An Extramolestrial 

q: Why do women have orgasms?
a: Just another reason to moan really.

q: With what do Mexicans use to cut pizza?
a: Little Ceasars

q: How do you hold your liqour?
a: I hold mine by the ears.

q: What do you call four white guys in a band?
a: The 4Skins 

q: What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters?
a: Orange Is The New Black. 

q: What do a moped and a fat chick have in common?
a: Both are fun to ride but you'd never want your friend to catch you on one. 

q: What is a difference between Jesus and a Picture of Jesus?
a: It takes one nail to hang a picture. 

q: How did the elephant get into the room?
a: We don't talk about it...

q: What's the difference between KFC and China?
a: At KFC, you can only get breasts, legs, and thighs.

q: What's the best part about banging twenty two year olds?
a: There's twenty of them. 

q: What do you call an arranged marriage between two communists who don't like each other?
a: A so-be-it union. 

q: What did the vegan say to the celiac?
a: HEIL FUCKING HITLER

q: What did one galaxy say to the Lagoon Nebula?
a: Whats up M8?

q: What did Hitler say when he ran out of soap?
a: Man, I'd kill 5 million Jews for some soap right about now. 

q: Who brew in the jewish house down the street?
a: Hebrew. 

q: Why are European cars the lightest?
a: because there's no Americans sitting in them.

q: What's a computer's favourite snack?
a: Fried cache-ews.

q: What would a Prius minivan be called?
a: Post-us

q: Did you hear about that new lesbian reversal medicine?
a: It's called Trycoxagin.

q: What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman?
a: What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman?  Snowballs.

q: What do you do when a bird attacks you?
a: Duck.

q: What do you call a black priest?
a: Holy Shit

q: What do you call two guys on a pair of curtains?
a: Kurt n Rod.

q: What's he difference between Santa Claus and a Jew?
a: Santa goes   the chimney.

q: What do you call a nun using katana?
a: Nunja.

q: What do you call a P'ed off pirate?
a: irate.

q: How can you tell a hippie's been in your house?
a: He's still there when you get home. What's he say when you tell him to leave? "Na, 'ma stay"

q: What is a better name for cows?
a: Lawn mooers! My 12 year old sister made this up... She out dad joked me..and I'm a dad!

q: Where does Bran Stark keep his things?
a: Hold all and howdoor

q: Has anyone heard of the movie 'Constipation'?
a: No because it hasn't come out yet. Huehuehuehuehue

q: Why were a bunch of realist artists offended at a Matisse gallery opening?
a: They didn't like the public displays of abstraction.

q: Girl are you a Louis Vuitton store?
a: Because I've never been inside you and probably never will unless I'm rich one day.

q: What's the difference between acetone and Hitler?
a: One is used to remove the polish, and the other is used to remove the Polish.

q: What do you call a dog wearing headphones?
a: Ear bud

q: Why does bread not have eyebrows?
a: Because it's bread. 

q: How many nuclear war survivors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. People who glow in the dark don't need lightbulbs.

q: Why can't Rabbis eat pork and Priests can't have sex?
a: Because the Rabbis got to choose first. 

q: Why didn't Mick Jagger pick Randy Moss up from the airport?
a: Because a Rolling Stone gathers no Moss.

q: What do you call a Russian with 3 balls?
a: Whodyanik Abolokof

q: What does a high school dance have in common with the parking lot at a Keith Urban concert?
a: Lots of bad pickup lines. 

q: What kind of car does Jesus drive?
a: A Christler.

q: What do you call two nuns playing a bongo?
a: A conundrum.

q: why does bill Cosby have high blood pressure?
a: Because he likes assault to much

q: How do you get thrown out of a concentration camp?
a: Bad for moral Cutting in line Organizing hunger strikes

q: What's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long?
a: Nothing 

q: What do you call a letter from a feminist?
a: Hate male.

q: Why do you need to take notes during jokes?
a: Joke was supposed to be this: Why do you need to take notes during church? because the peoples of noah's day, "took no note".

q: What is the worst time to have a heart attack?
a: During a game of charades

q: What's better than roses on your piano?
a: Tulips on your organ.

q: What's a redneck's last words?
a: Hey, Watch This!

q: Why is your mom like a vacuum?
a: She sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet. Not to mention she also gets turned on by your dad

q: is there a subreddit for paranoid people ?
a: if so, how do I know it's real ?

q: What is long, black and smelly?
a: The unemployment line.

q: Why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party?
a: He was a square. 

q: Why was the leaf hanged?
a: For tree-son. Ha-ha. Ha. 

q: Why is it so hard to date fossils?
a: Because they're DEAD!

q: What type of pants does Mario wear?
a: Denim, denim, denim.

q: why did the oil rig workers all leave Fort Mcmurray?
a: They were fired..

q: What is white on the top and black on the bottom?
a: Society.

q: Why do midgets laugh when they run?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls.

q: Did you hear about the Hipster that drowned in the canal?
a: It wasn't mainstream.

q: why do women wear makeup and perfume?
a: They are ugly and they smell bad.

q: Why did the Weimar Republic ban balloons?
a: Because of the Hyperinflation.

q: How long can an Owl live?
a: 6 1/2 books...

q: What did Bruce Willis say to motivate his son?
a: "Son, if at first you don't succeed, Try Hard.  If that doesn't work, Try Hard 2.  If that still doesn't work, Try Hard with a Vengeance.  Remember, you can't pick between the choice to Live Free or Try Hard.  They go together.  Everyday's A Good Day to Try Hard."

q: What's the difference between an intern and bird shit?
a: No one intentionally steps on bird shit.

q: What two words result in the most marriages?
a: Screw it. EDIT:   has a better answer lol 

q: What do you call a kid with an eye patch, braces and a lisp?
a: Names 

q: Why didnt the illiterate man like my post on r/Jokes?
a: He's never Reddit.

q: What do you call a 5 year old with no friends?
a: A Sandy Hook survivor.

q: Why is pulling out 100% effective for superman?
a: They never survive the 1000ft fall to earth.  (Thanks Drawn Together) 

q: What's the difference between a gay guy and Hitler?
a: About 45 degrees

q: Why is reddit so liberal?
a: Because upvotes are to the left

q: What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man?
a: A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.

q: How do you make soup golden?
a: You add 24 carrots.

q: What are red heads good for?
a: Lighting fires.

q: Why did Donald Trump win the Republican nomination?
a: Don Rickles is dead.

q: How do you win an election?
a: By having people believe that you've won an election.

q: Whats the difference between you and an orphan?
a: You were adopted. Best told to siblings :D

q: Why shouldn't you hang out with zombies?
a: They make rotten friends

q: How many men does it take to fix a women's watch?
a: Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!

q: What do you call the system of honour of French horses?
a: Chevalry

q: Why did Bernie Sanders cross the road?
a: He didn't, he was distributed evenly on both sides. Bernie supporters, please don't downvote me to hell, it's just a joke

q: What did the deaf, blind, mute, handicapped kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: How do you know when your vegetables are boiled?
a: Their wheelchair floats to the top.

q: Why is gigabit internet good for you?
a: Because it's high in fiber! haha, I'll show myself out...

q: What do you call children born of ginger people?
a: Ginger-bred

q: What's brown, and ryhmes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre......

q: Why is Reddit full of liberals?
a: All the conservatives are out working.

q: Hey girl are you a league player?
a: Cause fuck you you toxic, wood piece of shit!

q: Why don't women need umbrellas?
a: Because it doesn't rain in the kitchen.

q: What do you call a jewish Pokmon trainer?
a: Ash. 

q: Why do watermelons have water in Them?
a: Because they are planted in the spring!

q: How do apply for a job at the NSA?
a: You make a private phone call to anyone else, and submit your application.

q: Where does the sick calculus student go for medical help?
a: to the L'Hospital...

q: What do a Rubiks Cube and a penis have in common?
a: The more you play with it, the harder it gets

q: Why doesn't George R. R. Martin use Twitter?
a: He killed all 140 characters.

q: What do you get if you water a melon?
a: a wet melon.

q: What is a slut ?
a: A woman with the morals of a man

q: Where should you take your cat, if it somehow loses its tail?
a: Walmart, they're the world's biggest retailer. Thank you.  I'll be here all week.

q: How many Redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: About 8000

q: after a trainning lesson, everyone can ask only 1 question. my question is May i ask a question?
a: trainner: No Me: Thank you for the answer. that is just what i need. trainner: Did you get my point? 1 question per person only. Me: I want to prove a point that you are a jerk and never truely want to help us. And you just gave the answer.

q: What sound does a pool make when someone you don't like jumps in?
a: DOOOOUUUUCCCCHHHEEEEEE!

q: What did the geologist say at the Chinese restaurant?
a: May I have Eurasian plate?

q: Why don't women wear skirts in San Fransisco?
a: Because their balls would show. 

q: Why does the Mexican guy take xanax?
a: For hispanic attacks Edit: Happy Cinco de Mayo

q: What is brown and runny?
a: Usain Bolt

q: Do you file your nails?
a: I throw mine away. -Dean Martin

q: Two cats sit on a roof, which one will slide off first?
a: The one with the smallest mew.

q: What do you call a Trump supporter on a Friday night?
a: A bad person

q: What does walking a tight rope and receiving a blow job from your mother-in-law have in common?
a: In both cases it is strongly advisable to not look down

q: Whats the definition of a woman?
a: Life support system for pussy.

q: What is the hardest part of rollerblading?
a: What is the hardest part of rollerblading? Telling your parents that you are gay. (I'm a terrible person.)

q: What did one suicide bomber say to the other?
a: "Dude, I don't think it worked."

q: Why can't New Yorkers play chess?
a: They're short 2 towers.

q: What do you get when you drop a piano on an army base?
a: A flat major.

q: What's green and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the Frog's fingers.

q: What does a brain eat?
a: Food for thought

q: Why isn't the Vice President running for President this year?
a: Cuz he's Biden his time.

q: Why does Hillary Clinton not like working out?
a: She doesn't want to feel the Bern

q: Which place has the strongest gravity in the whole universe?
a: Bed

q: Did you hear about the man who died of a viagra overdose?
a: They couldn't close his coffin.

q: What does Popeye put on his dick to have sex?
a: Olive Oyle!

q: What does wearing crocs and getting a blowjob from a man have in common?
a: They both feel good until you look down and realize you're gay. TAKE THAT CROC LOBBY #againstbigcroc  I understand if I get downvoted. 

q: What do you call a normal potato?
a: A commentator 

q: What do you call it when you tie a brick to a jar of Miracle Whip and throw it into the ocean?
a: "Sink-o de Mayo"

q: What does a pirate do when he has a cold?
a: Arrr make tea

q: Knock knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who?
a: Wow, I didn't know you could yodel!

q: What do a Jew and a Spy have in common?
a: In the end they both get burned...

q: What did the black man say to the white kid?
a: Put the gun down!

q: Why did American football player Michael Vick want to see the film "Top Gun"?
a: He heard the film had dogfighting scenes

q: What do the South and the Sun have in common?
a: They Both Shall Rise Again!

q: What's the gummy stuff between sharks teeth?
a: Slow swimmers.

q: How do you reunite the Beatles?
a: With two bullets.

q: How is a fish like a bicycle?
a: Neither one knows how to whistle!

q: What's the difference between a bucket of sand and a bucket of afterbirth?
a: You can't gargle with the sand.

q: Do you know how much of Canada above Edmonton is livable?
a: Nunavut.

q: What will you find in the toilet of a ship?
a: The captains log.

q: What's the similarity between American beer and making love in a canoe?
a: Fucking close to water

q: What do you call an old people's swingers club?
a: Movers and Achers  

q: Why is Leagues patch 6.9 gross?
a: It's a great thing ruined by a period. 

q: Why did the kid run across the freeway?
a: To show his friends he had guts. And boy, did he have guts.

q: What do you call an overweight star wars fanatic who drinks too much coffee?
a: Java the Hutt

q: Who wants to play war?
a: I'll lay down and you can blow the hell out of me!

q: Why frogs don't use Google?
a: They're angry since Froogle was discontinued years ago!

q: Why is having phone sex such a bad idea?
a: There's a good chance you'll get hearing AIDS

q: What's the difference between arguing with a girl and arguing with a knife?
a: The knife has a point

q: Why was the camper so focused?
a: Because he was in-tents

q: Why did Hitler turn to genocide after a failed career as an artist?
a: He never learned to mix the colors

q: Why did Princess Leia get a job at Cinnabon?
a: She has experience chained to heaps of fatty rolls.

q: What's the difference between a joke on Reddit and a joke on 9Gag?
a: About a day.

q: Why does Kylo Ren have a hard time making friends?
a: Because for most of his life, he's Ben Solo.

q: How does Darth Vader manage to eat through that mask?
a: He's Force fed

q: What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's father have in common?
a: They pulled out too late.

q: Do you know what 80 year old vagina tastes like?
a: Depends

q: What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's dad have in common?
a: They both waited too long to pull out.

q: Who's the fattest Knight at the round table? Why?
a: Circumference. Because he ate too much pi.

q: How do blonde brain cells die?
a: Alone.

q: What happened to the guy who ingested helium?
a: He became enlightened.

q: Did you hear about the suspicious vagina?
a: It smelled 'fishy.'

q: What signal tells you that a politician is lying?
a: The lips are moving

q: Are you a software update?
a: Cause not now

q: How is Bernie going to pay for free college for everyone?
a: No problem! He'll just make Mexico pay for it!

q: Why did God give women legs?
a: Because he saw the mess that snails left behind!

q: What did Ted Cruz's wife get after being elbowed by him?
a: A Ted Bruz

q: Did you know that I can see into the future?
a: I have 2020 vision

q: What would you do if the world blew up?
a: Go to Coles new world.

q: If mathematicians were to make a phone, how would they call it?
a: The piPhone

q: What did Noah tell his son while they were fishing?
a: Better get this right, I only have 2 worms.

q: What's a 69er got in common with the mafia ?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.

q: Two reposters are in a plane crush. Who survives?
a: Reddit

q: What is the problem with high frequency?
a: It Hertz 

q: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives?
a: Not the joke.

q: What's the difference between a bunch of sly pygmies and a girl's track team?
a: The sly pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts .....  (it'll come to you )

q: You know which presidential candidate in 2020 will have the hardest time?
a: Tom Cotton. Having to tell black people to "Pick Cotton!" in 2020.

q: Excuse, where is the opposite sidewalk?
a: Right there (points). -Can't be, right there they told me it was here.

q: Which chord is essential to every Christian song?
a: Gsus

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives?
a: America.

q: 'Captain, there come the indians!' The captain asks: Are they friends or enemys?
a: Must be friends, cause they are coming together.

q: Why isn't there a Jared's for boys?
a: Oh wait, there is. 

q: Did you know that 95% of Jews aren't Jews?
a: They're dead

q: Why did the hipster only listen to dead musicians?
a: So he could say he listened to them when they were underground.

q: Why did Cruz pick Carly Fiorina as his running mate?
a: To lay off his campaign staff.

q: What's the difference between harry potter and jews?
a: Harry escaped the chambers.

q: Why does Snoop Dawg carry an umbrella?
a: Fo drizzle

q: What noise do veterans make when they eat?
a: Vietnom

q: What's often on the end of a man's genitals?
a: His hand.

q: What's the difference between a masochist and a blogger?
a: There's none, both live for the hits.

q: What do you call a ruckus in a string orchestra?
a: Violins

q: What are the similaritie(s) and difference(s) between O.J. Simpson and Simba?
a: Difference: One is an African lion.  The other is a lyin' African! Similarity: They both ran after a murder was committed.

q: How is Game of Thrones going to end?
a: With fade out and to credits.

q: What do you call a brain dead Swede?
a: A vegetable..

q: What do you call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank?
a: Small medium at large

q: Why do feet stink?
a: They stink because they grow right out from your ass!

q: Why did the window blush?
a: Because it could see the weather changing.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The first shucks between fits....

q: What do you call a squid after a car crash..?
a: Skidward

q: Why wouldn't the Doctor wait in line?
a: He had no patients 

q: What do you call a high person with Downs Syndrome?
a: A baked potato.

q: Why Am I Single?
a: Me: Why am I still single? Brain: you're, Weird Body: And...you're fat Face: plus, you're ugly Food: umm, but i'm here for you

q: How do you make Donald Trump laugh?
a: tickle his armpits

q: Boyfriend: Dear do you know that exams are like girlfriend?
a: Boyfriend: Dear do you know that exams are like girlfriend? Girlfriend: How funny? Boyfriend: Yes, they are tough to understand, complicated, lots of questions and the result is always doubtful..

q: What do you call an abortion in the world of Mortal Kombat?
a: A Fetality.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout?
a: The boy scout comes home from camp.

q: What do you call drunken techno music?
a: Draught Punk. 

q: What has only one arm and can't swim?
a: An excavator.

q: What is Son Goku's least liked food?
a: Vegetta balls

q: What does the cannibal think after seeing a wheelchair user?
a: Meals on Wheels

q: If there's something weird in lands beyond the Wall and it don't look good Who you gonna call?
a: Nine Wun Wun

q: Have you ever had African food?
a: Neither they have.

q: What's Black and White and Red all over?
a: The Zebra I just shot dead.

q: Why did the Italian wear handcuffs to bed?
a: So he wouldn't talk in his sleep

q: Why didn't the vegan gamble at the meat raffle?
a: Didn't want a brisket

q: Why did balloon prices keep rising?
a: Because they had to adjust for inflation. 

q: Q: What time is bedtime at Neverland Ranch?
a: A: When the big hand touches the little hand.

q: What do you call a middle eastern man flying a plane?
a: The Pilot,  you racist.

q: Why does Jesus Jaywalk?
a: Because he hates crosswalks

q: What do you call a castrated unicorn?
a: A eunuchorn.

q: Why are pirates so mean?
a: They just ARRRRRRRRRRR!!! 

q: Why is the Dead Sea a mod on /r/leagueoflegends?
a: Because it's so salty.

q: When does Sean Connery usually arrive at Wimbledon?
a: Tennish.

q: Did you hear the one about the deaf comedian?
a: He didn't.

q: Why did the police shoot the black insomniac?
a: He resisted a rest. 

q: Want to hear a joke about coffee?
a: Decaf. 

q: What do you call a negative antelope?
a: A Cantelope.

q: What do you call a fight between Jews?
a: A roast 

q: Where do you get virgin wool?
a: Ugly sheep.

q: Whats the worst thing about getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic?
a: Having to go inside to ask for a coat hanger. 

q: Why Do Ranchers Love Getting A Sore Throat?
a: Because they always get a little hoarse

q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Three, one to climb the ladder,  one to shake it, and one to sue the ladder company.

q: What's Queen Elsa's favorite fruit?
a: Cantaloupe

q: Can a kangaroo jump higher then a house?
a: Of course, a house doesn't jump at all. 

q: What do you call a female driver?
a: Carol.

q: Why did the insomniac get arrested?
a: He resisted a rest.

q: What is the difference between a misogynist, and anti feminist and a guy who can't get laid?
a: None whatsoever.   Also, it could be that the guy who can't get laid is usually a teenager that later in life is still a loser with girls and as an adult turns into a misogynist anti feminist or a homosexual male. Good one right?

q: what do you call a duck addicted to drugs ?
a: A quack head 

q: What do Gay men have in the morning?
a: Sticky Buns! ;D

q: What has 10 letters and starts with gas?
a: Automobile.

q: Why do American's take letters out of words?
a: Because they're lazy, and they hate U.

q: What do you call a potato with no limbs?
a: An amputater

q: What did Mozart and Beethoven do whilst in the grave?
a: Decompose

q: Have you heard about the new advanced ABS system developed by an Israeli company?
a: Allows any vehicle equipped with it to stop on a dime.

q: Why didn't Otis Redding eat his food?
a: He was soulful

q: Why do I support extreme racist political parties?
a: Because their aims are white up my street

q: Why does Pakistan never get a corner during a football match?
a: Every corner they get, they open a shop on it

q: Did you hear ISIS secretly makes sex toys?
a: They specialise in blow up dolls

q: What's the difference between a brick and an MRA?
a: Bricks get laid. 

q: Why shouldn't you wear Ukrainian underwear?
a: Because Chernobyl fallout.

q: What's The Difference Between A Men's Rights Activist And A Gun?
a: Guns generally don't sit uselessly in your Mom's Basement. Guns have hard barrels.

q: What's the difference between Santa Clause and Tiger Woods?
a: Santa stops at 3 ho's.

q: What do you call a basketball that rolls off court and deflates?
a: Out of bounce.

q: What do you call a deer that has really good eyesight?
a: Good idea. Hint: Good eye-deeeeah

q: What airline allows you to pee in cruise?
a: Wizz Air

q: What did the mathematician say about vertical videos?
a: I'm sorry, but the video you filmed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.

q: What's the difference between Reddit and Facebook?
a: About a day

q: Did you hear they found bones on the dark side of the moon?
a: The cow never made it.

q: What did the frog say in the massage parlor?
a: Rubbit.

q: What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
a: The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.

q: Have you heard the joke about the happy roman?
a: He was glad he ate her.

q: What do r/jokes subscribers and Catholic priests have in common?
a: Both think the shorter the better. 

q: What did the homeless men yell when they hit each other with cardboard?
a: Pillow fight!

q: Why is apple afraid of microsoft?
a: because 7 8 10

q: How to be a grown up at work?
a: Always smile and replace "fuck you" with "OK great"

q: What did the fish say when it crashed into a wall?
a: Damn!  (This is my go-to joke that someone told me in highschool like 7 years ago. Felt like sharing it.)

q: What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary?
a: Antidickstablishmentarianism.

q: What did Luke Skywalker say to his sister's bully?
a: Don't you Leia finger on her

q: What does the son of God do when he is the victim of medical malpractice?
a: Jesus

q: Why are pills white?
a: Because they work.

q: Why did the Eagle go to store to buy some Rogaine?
a: To cover up his bald spot.

q: How do you get a New Yorker upset about ISIS terror attacks?
a: Tell them ISIS are Red Sox fans.

q: What do you call a nut that can't talk?
a: Nutin special. Credit to my 8 year old daughter who made that one up.

q: What do you call a positive transformer?
a: Optimist Prime

q: Why do Jew's love jokes?
a: Because they don't have to pay for them.

q: What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear?
a: A wind tunnel.

q: What do you call a group of lesbians from Pittsburgh?
a: Lesbiyinz.

q: If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
a: No soap, radio.

q: What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents?
a: roommates

q: Why do people think Saint Stephen was a marijuana addict?
a: He was stoned to death.

q: What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
a: It gets toad away.

q: Why didn't the math teacher sin?
a: Cosecant. 

q: Happy Greek Easter! Which Greek God loved to collect animals?
a: Zoos

q: Did you hear about the Mexican terrorist...?
a: Did you hear about the Mexican terrorist who planted a bomb on the train? He had loco motives. 

q: Why did Ally refuse to do her homework, when all she had left was to square the x and y axis?
a: Cause Allies don't like axis powers

q: What's a good way to get gum out of your hair?
a: Getting diagnosed with cancer.

q: Have you heard the one about the ceiling fan?
a: Oh, it's over your head. 

q: What do you get if you cross Michael J Fox with a dildo?
a: A vibrator.

q: How do you know when to use "fridge" or "refrigerator"?
a: Open it, if there's a 'd' in it, it's a fridge.

q: Why did the train go to the brothel?
a: To blow of a little steam

q: Have you heard that new Ethiopian kids rap group?
a: Skin & Bone Thugs-N-Harmony

q: Any coincidence jokes of the like? Is it any coincidence, 24 beer cans in a case, 24 hours in a day?
a: I remember hearing this around a few times, are there any other situational coincidence jokes like this?

q: What's a pirates favourite letter?
a: You may think it's "Arrr", but nay, his first love be the "C".

q: What do you get when you cross a pirate and a pedophile?
a: Arrrrrr Kelly

q: So what's the deal with Jesus?
a: I mean he's just been hangin' around for the last 2000 years. 

q: What is Saddam Hussein's favorite band?
a: My Chemical Romance

q: How many girlfriends does it take to change a light bulb?
a: It has to change for itself.

q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a person with a different colour of hair?
a: The blonde sure doesn't know.

q: Why did Cain kill his brother?
a: Because he was Abel to.

q: Did you hear about the epileptic who won the dance contest?
a: He only got up to get a drink.

q: What did the fish say when he ran into a concrete wall?
a: Dam!

q: How is a picket fence like a mini skirt?
a: They both protect the property but they don't spoil the view.

q: What is a vajazzle made of?
a: Pubic Zirconia.

q: Why is it a bad idea to swim in the Mississippi River?
a: Because it has pp in it.

q: Have you heard about the three holes in the ground?
a: Well, well, well.

q: How many activists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, because they can't change anything.

q: What do you call a shitty bungalow?
a: Dungalow.

q: What do you call a nun who's drinking a pint?
a: Catholic 

q: What do you get if you breed a hedgehog and a grass snake?
a: *Interbreed. A meter of barbed wire. It's funnier in Russian

q: What was the best magic trick Osama Bin Laden ever pulled?
a: He made the World Trade Center disappear.

q: What do you call really good tea?
a: Qualitea.

q: What is the difference between feminists and Nazis?
a: One group has a purpose and lots of support and the other is full of nagging women.

q: Which character of Pokemon is a jew?
a: Ash

q: [Pun] What do you call it when you admit to being a prisoner?
a: A con-fession.

q: What did the handicapped racecar driver say?
a: "I have no Hans"

q: What do you call a German theatre that only does suspenseful dramas and plays?
a: The Gasp Chamber

q: Did you hear about the guy who repeated a joke on /r/jokes?
a: He insisted it wasn't a riposte.

q: Did you hear about the starving horse?
a: He was so hungry, he ate himself

q: Why does the Trump campaign hire people in groups of three?
a: One who can read, one who can write, and one to keep an eye on the other two "elitist intellectuals."

q: What's the difference between a lobster and a bus stop?
a: Ones a busty crustacean the other is a crusty bus station

q: Why were the baker's hands brown?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: How do animals cross the ocean?
a: On a Gir-raft.

q: Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
a: Because it's fucking close to water

q: women secrets?
a: Scientists have now discovered how women keep their secrets. They do so within groups of 40.

q: What's grey and bad for your teeth?
a: A hammer.

q: Why is it never safe to tell a joke about corn?
a: A corn has ears.

q: What's sexist and not a concern for feminist?
a: Misandry

q: How do the Chinese name their kids?
a: They throw silverware down the stairs.

q: What did the scientist say when he stubbed his toe?
a: Flourine Uranium Carbon Potassium.

q: Why did the chicken run into a well?
a: Because it didn't see that well.

q: Why did the Libertarian Cross the Road?
a: None of your Damn Business. Am I being detained?

q: What happens when the PS and XBOX servers go down?
a: The ambulance comes lights and sirens, "WII-U WII-U WII-U" I'm sorry, I'll leave now ._.

q: What did the cat say when it was wrongfully accused of a crime and sent behind bars?
a: "Let Meowt!!!!"

q: Why can't a t-Rex clap it's hands?
a: Because it's extinct. 

q: What is the difference between the hot girl at work and the one at home?
a: You can assign tasks to the first kind!

q: How do you keep brown bears off your property?
a: Build a wall

q: Why didn't the feminist picnic work out?
a: because they all refused to make sandwiches.

q: Wanna Hear a Corny Joke?
a: no???   Awww Shucks

q: How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: She starts to fit in your wife's clothes 

q: what's common between a puppy and a good book ?
a: both are easy to pick up but hard to put down

q: What does a prostitute and a waitress have in common?
a: The faster they work, the more tips they get!

q: Wanna hear a joke about my dick?
a: Never mind, it's too long.

q: Why the turnout at Michael Jackson's funeral?
a: He touched a lot of people.

q: What's more useless than a condom at a feminist rally?
a: Everyone there.

q: Why won't bankers go to the opera?
a: Because they quickly lose interest

q: If American dogs dig holes to China, where do Chinese dogs dig holes to?
a: Nowhere, slaughterhouses have concrete floors.

q: What would albert einstein's name be if he was blonde?
a: Nobody would know

q: What workout routine did Jesus stick to best?
a: Crossfit

q: What is the difference between snowman and snowwoman?
a: snowballs

q: Why don't auto repair shops fix golf carts?
a: Because they work with parts for cars, not carts for pars.

q: (TERRORIST WARNING) Why did the suicidal air go to the airport?
a: So he could BLOW it up. Please don't hurt meh.

q: What's SRS's favorite beverage?
a: You would think male tears, but it's actually Brigadorade.

q: How do you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber?
a: One of them makes crack while the other just markets it.

q: What is the weakest armour made out of?
a: Asian People

q: Why do squirrels swim on their backs?
a: To keep their nuts dry. 

q: Why was the doctor annoyed?
a: Because he didn't have any patients.

q: What do you call an investment banker who's always watching you?
a: A stocker. 

q: What do you get if you fill a suburb full of Mermen?
a: Prawn crackers.

q: What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?
a: I want my quarter back!

q: Why is that whenever we talk about pokemon, we sing the theme song?
a: Because I wanna be the very best, like no one ever was.

q: Where did the memes make their last stand?
a: The Aylmao.

q: How can you determine which of two people is a chemist and which is a plumber?
a: You ask them to pronounce unionize.

q: What do coins call each other?
a: Money-gga.

q: What would I be if I doubled myself?
a: Meme

q: What is heavy forwards but not backwards?
a: A ton.

q: What's the difference between a Ferrari and a box of dead babies ?
a: I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.

q: When did the convict's period come?
a: At the end of her sentence.

q: What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?
a: Harry came back to life

q: Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers?
a: He'll stop at nothing to avoid them

q: Why did the dyslexic, Russian astronomer hate the revolution?
a: He was following the Tsar.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who gets shit and pissed on all the time?
a: John

q: How do you get republicans to not repeal Obamacare ?
a: Tell them Mexico is paying for it

q: What has 52 teeth and can hold back the incredible Hulk?
a: My Zipper

q: Where do hipsters get their water?
a: From a well, actually.

q: How do you tell the difference between a physicist and a plumber?
a: Ask them to say the word 'unionized'.

q: What did Spock find in the Enterprise Bathroom?
a: The Captain's Log.

q: What do you call a Canadian in a blizzard?
a: Cold.

q: What's the average lifespan of an owl?
a: About six and a half books.

q: What do you call the 72 virgins that Allah gave isis?
a: Goats

q: How do Jewish turtles greet each other?
a: Shellom. 

q: Why did people call the late man a tiny ass?
a: Because he was a little behind.

q: What do you call a helicopter mixed with a rhino?
a: Well hell-if-i-know!

q: Why aren't there any Mexicans in China?
a: Because the Chinese know how to build a wall.

q: What's a drug addict's favorite music genre?
a: Crack rock

q: What do you call spending time with you family through BDSM?
a: Family bondage time. 

q: Whats the difference between a redneck couple, and two variables in a dataset?
a: The variables aren't necessarily related.

q: What did the dash say when he failed his exam?
a: "I underscored."

q: How did Hitler sneeze?
a: "A jew!"

q: What do you call a blonde who dyed their hair brown?
a: Artificial Intelligence

q: What do you call a person who will only give back rubs to men?
a: A massage-nist

q: Did you hear about the guy who stumped Trump?
a: Me either.

q: What do you get when you smoke pot with a bee in a candy shop?
a: A sweet buzz!

q: Why shouldn't you buy Russian underpants?
a: Because Chernobyl fallout.

q: What spice is the most welcoming?
a: Cumin

q: HR: Sir, why is your secretary standing with tens of underwear in hand?
a: Boss: Damn, I asked her to debrief all the interns before the meeting. 

q: What do you call a blonde female driver?
a: Room 52E, at the downtown hopsital

q: What's the difference between feminists and cancer?
a: Cancer reproduces itself.

q: Did you hear about the nun that bites her nails?
a: You can say she has a bad habit.

q: What's worst than finding a worm in your apple?
a: The Holocaust  Worse*

q: What do you call a mentally challenged lion?
a: A leotard.

q: What did the banana say to the hippo?
a: Nothing bananas can't talk. 

q: How do you become popular on the internet?
a: By being a cat.

q: What do you call a creamsicle in Russia?
a: A hammer and cream-sickle

q: Why Cant Coffee Shops Spell Correctly?
a: When asked for his name by the coffee shop clerk, my brother-in-law answered, Marc, with a C. Minutes later, he was handed his coffee with his name written on the side: Cark.

q: Why did the hen fall in the well?
a: she couldn't see that well

q: What is the difference between your mom and Kim Kardashian?
a: One is a dirty whore and the other is Kim Kardashian. 

q: Wanna hear a joke about pizza?
a: Never mind it's too cheesy.

q: What do you call a woman who obsesses over learning about sex?
a: An info-maniac.

q: What do you with a dying chemist?
a: Well, if you can't helium and you can't curium, all you can do is barium!

q: What is Britain's most popular newspaper amongst breastfeeding mothers?
a: The Daily Express.

q: What did the Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant?
a: Dead ant. Dead ant. Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead ant, dead annnnnnnnttt.

q: why do farts stink?
a: so deaf people can enjoy them too.

q: What do you call Mexicans living in the USA?
a: Illegal aliens. LOL

q: Why was Cinderella kicked off the baseball team?
a: She kept running away from the ball

q: What do you call the feeling of being a tortured insect?
a: Antagony

q: What is the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?
a: One is a Goodyear. The other is a great year. 

q: What do you call a vegetarian lesbian?
a: A vag-etarian.

q: Did you know LSD can make you lose weight?
a: Because you can't get to the fridge if there's a dragon guarding it.

q: Who is the supreme religious leader of the corns?
a: Pope corn!

q: What's the hardest part of being a paedophile?
a: The dick.

q: Did you hear about the famous nudist?
a: He wanted more exposure.

q: What famous hotel chain do muslims prefer when travelling on religious holidays?
a: Ramadamadan.

q: Did you hear about the two antennas that got married?
a: The wedding was lousy, but the reception was great!

q: How do you scare away a Vestiphobic?
a: Say "Shoo".

q: Jack: What is your name?
a: Ass:Ass. Jack:Ass? Ass:Yes. Jack:Yes? Ass:No. Jack:No? Ass:JackAss.

q: What's Dr. Dre's favorite vegetable?
a: Beets.

q: What's the most common disease in Canada?
a: Hepatitis Eh.

q: Have you ever heard the joke they don't tell dumbasses?
a: No? Oh.....

q: What's the United States favorite brand of shortening?
a: San Fran Crisco

q: What do you call a mother who lies about being a father?
a: transparent

q: What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the Batmobile?
a: "Robin, let's get in the Batmobile." Bonus joke: What did one orphan say to the other orphan as they got into their car? "Robin, let's get in the Batmobile."

q: What do you call fake pasta?
a: An impasta

q: Why did the cop stink?
a: Because he fell asleep on duty.

q: Chemistry joke thread?
a: I'll start:  I was at -273.15C one time. It was OK. What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium I'm sorry guys there really are no good chemistry jokes: all the good ones argon. 

q: What does the ISIS member say about telling good jokes?
a: "It's all in the execution."

q: How alcoholic is a drink that's guaranteed to get you drunk?
a: Fool proof!

q: Did you get that joke about the Titanic?
a: It took a while to sink in.

q: What do you do when you see a fire man?
a: Put it out man!

q: Who did the crocodiles call when they found one of their own dead?
a: The investiGATOR

q: What is a geeks favorite horror novel?
a: Information Technology by Stephen King

q: Why does Mexjco do poorly in the olympics?
a: Because all the Mexicans who can run fast, swim fast and jump high are in the states.

q: What's the difference between a Syrian school and a terrorist camp?
a: I don't know, I'm just flying the drone

q: How did Darth Vader know what Leah got Luke for Christmas?
a: He felt his presents.

q: You know which singer really cut the mustard?
a: Celine Dijon

q: Why couldn't the American leave Russia?
a: He was snowden

q: How do you know a girl with leprosy likes you?
a: She gives you the eye.

q: What did the spice merchant say when someone knocked on his door?
a: Cumin!

q: How many religious women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Nun. I'll EDIT: Formatting

q: Teacher: Why are you Late Today?
a: Teacher: Why are you Late Today? Student: Because of sign down the road. Teacher: What does a sign have to do with your being late? Student: The sign said, "School Ahead, Go Slow!"

q: How do you blow a tranny?
a: Depends on your definition of a tranny 

q: Are We use a really strong sunblock??
a: We use a really strong sunblock when we go to the beach with the kids. Its SPF 80: You squeeze the tube, and a sweater comes out.

q: What's the hardest about being a pedophile?
a: Just trying to fit in...

q: Why did the scientist get punched in the restaurant?
a: He ordered some NaCl.

q: What do you call a cardboard belt?
a: A waist of paper.

q: What do you call 4 mexicans in quick sand?
a: Cuatro sinko

q: What did the cripple get for christmas?
a: Wii Fit

q: Why would Batman always beat Superman?
a: because, being rich,  Bruce Wayne can ride a horse properly.

q: What's the second to last thing the redneck said before he died?
a: Shit, I can do that.. What about the last thing? Look, I'm doing it!!!

q: What was Osama bin Laden's favorite football team?
a: The New York Jets. 

q: Who was the first man to masturbate in space?
a: The first man in space!

q: Why is it considered socially wrong to make fun of a crying 10-year old boy in Africa?
a: Because it's normal to undergo a midlife crisis.

q: Do you guys know the story of Flip Flap the Giraffe?
a: It's a giraffe, walking in the savannah. All of a sudden, an helicopter comes by and..... flip flap the giraffe!

q: Why did the scarecrow get promoted?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field.

q: What do you call a lesbian ice cream sandwich?
a: A Klondyke bar.

q: What do you call the camera used for colonoscopys?
a: A GoProbe.

q: What do you do with a dead chemist?
a: Barium

q: What do you call 1000 Jews on a train?
a: It doesn't matter, they're never coming back.

q: What do you call alcohol in a birdbath?
a: Tequila Mockingbird!

q: What's the difference between Mic Jagger and a Scotsman?
a: Mic Jagger says "Hey you, get off of my cloud". A Scotsman says "Hey, McLeod! Get off of my ewe!"

q: What's got four legs and one arm?
a: An attack dog in a preschool.

q: What do you call a ginger(red head) hick?
a: A ginger-inbred!

q: What do you call a drunken asshole?
a: Alcohole.

q: What do you call an animal rights' activist that never grows old?
a: PETA Pan

q: I don't mind asking anyone anything. What's the worst they could say? No?
a: I'm a married man, I hear no at least two times a week. 

q: What do you call the concentration camp prisoners who kept pestering the guards with questions?
a: Askanazi Jews

q: What did the shoe say about the customer who didn't like that it had yellow shoestring?
a: That's lacist.

q: Why do farts smell?
a: So deaf people can enjoy them too.

q: Why is Barbie not pregnant?
a: Because Ken came in a different box.

q: What did a pirate say to fellow pirate?
a: Are you seeding?

q: What do you call a mentally impaired French Man that cant say no?
a: A Oui-Tard

q: Jimmy: What has 100 legs but can't walk?
a: Johnny: 50 pairs of pants? Jimmy: No, A centipede. Jhonny: What? why? Jimmy: Because I squished it

q: What were Steve Jobs children told to do when their father passed away?
a: Steve's Job.

q: What was the favorite chicken dish of Hitler?
a: The SwasTikka

q: What is the difference between Bing Bong and Neil Armstrong?
a: Only one of them made it to the moon.

q: What is the most popular hacking tool preferred by hackers in Bangladesh?
a: machetes

q: What do you call a black person who smokes?
a: An e-cigger.  I'm going to hell for thinking of this.

q: What's infinity minus one?
a: A sideways seven. 

q: What was the musician doing when he was struck by lightning?
a: He was conducting.

q: Why do SCUBA divers fall backwards out of boats?
a: Because if they fell forwards, they'd land in the boat.

q: What do you call a gay man's ball sack?
a: Mud flaps.

q: Did you know that Hitler made a rap album?
a: Straight out of Mein Kampf-ton.

q: Why don't astronauts take anything seriously?
a: They don't grasp the gravity of the situation...

q: Do you know why I don't like simple chord progressions?
a: They give me the EBGBs.

q: What kind of bat hangs upside-down?
a: An acrobat.

q: How does a American mom know her daughter is on her period?
a: She can taste the blood on her son's cock

q: Why was the plumber sad?
a: He had a shitty job.

q: How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, Change has to come from WITHIN!

q: Why Won't Monica Lewinski vote for Hillary?
a: The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth

q: What's a dogs favourite cooler?
a: "Paw"m Bay

q: What do you call a box with a treasure location?
a: a xbox.

q: Why do doctors hate treating each other?
a: Because they always end up arguing over how to split the check. 

q: What bug has to watch it's sugar intake?
a: A dia-beetle

q: How many dead babies does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Apparently not 8

q: What do anal and spinach have in common?
a: Well, if you hated it as a kid, you're probably not gonna like it as an adult.

q: What did Jos name his son?
a: Hose B

q: How do you get a jew girls number?
a: Lift up her sleeve...

q: What did the unicyclist say to the bicyclist?
a: I'm bi curious.

q: How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They prefer to be left in the dark.

q: What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
a: Their last big hit was the wall.

q: Did you hear about the day your parents got married?
a: It was so beautiful even the cake was in teirs.

q: Why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat?
a: Because if they fell forward, they'd still be on the boat.

q: How much alcohol does it take to get a black person drunk?
a: About three fifths. 

q: Which band does rockclimbers listen to ?
a: Rolling Stones

q: What's Dave Mustaine's favorite science?
a: Quantum Mechanix.

q: Where do elephants keep their luggage?
a: In their trunk!

q: How do you know if a wizards gay?
a: It disappears with a poof.

q: What's the difference between an inaccurate hunter and a constipated owl?
a: One's a shooter that can't hit, the other is a hooter who can't shit. 

q: Whats the most politically divided animal?
a: The polar bear.. I'll see myself out...

q: Why do the Lannisters have such big beds?
a: They push two twins together to make a king.

q: How long does it take Han Solo to screw in a light bulb?
a: less than twelve parsecs.

q: Are you in a fight with another person?
a: Well it really seems like you two are squaring off. At least to tell us the long side of the story according to the Pythagorean Theorem.

q: Did you hear about the crocodile who got waxed?
a: He's a smooooth alligatorrrrrr

q: How do you find out if the cat is dead or alive in the Schrodinger's cat paradox?
a: By thinking outside the box

q: What's the difference between a strip club and a circus?
a: A circus is full of cunning stunts.

q: How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: A Brazilian.

q: What's a cats favourite alcoholic drink?
a: Whiskers on the rocks

q: What clothes do Quakers wear?
a: Oat couture

q: What did the Alabama Police officer call the black guy who had been shot 6 times in the head?
a: The worst case of suicide he ever saw 

q: A child drinks bleach, why is milk often given?
a: To make them happy before they die

q: What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump?
a: Trump is winning!

q: What was Beethoven's favorite fruit?
a: Ba-Na-Na-Na

q: Did you hear about the cactus that went to the party?
a: He spiked the drinks.

q: What is a ferret funeral?
a: Serious business

q: Did you hear about the kid who slept through every class in school?
a: He got all z's.

q: What do you called a prince-sized bed?
a: A coffin.

q: What is a crevice that is owned by someone and not allowed to be stepped into?
a: None of your abyss-ness 

q: Whats the difference between a Pizza and Jew?
a: A pizza doesn't scream in the oven

q: What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex?
a: A microwave won't brown your meat!!!

q: What's the difference between the strippers and the circus?
a: The circus has a cunning array of stunts. 

q: What do you do after you rape a deaf girl?
a: Break her fingers so she can't tell anybody.

q: What did the midget give her boyfriend after his concert?
a: A Standing Blow-vation.

q: You know why i love hiking?
a: It is all about the in tents action.

q: Why did Luke want to become a jedi so badly?
a: He wanted to get Yoda off his back.

q: What happened to the man with two wooden legs whose house burnt down?
a: He fell on his ash.

q: What is the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
a: With Twitter you only get 140 characters.

q: What's the difference between acne and a child molester?
a: Acne waits till you are 13 to come on your face.

q: Why is the grass greener in Ireland, than it is in England?
a: It's because we are all over here in England, walking on your grass.

q: How does Hitler give directions?
a: He says "take the Third Reich".

q: Who invented triathlon?
a: black people, they go to the pool by walking, then they swim at the pool and come back with a bike

q: What car does Luke Skywalker drive?
a: A Toyoda

q: Dad, are ghosts real?
a: Dad: No son, of course not Son: The nanny said they are Dad: Okay, pack your stuff... We don't have a nanny

q: What planet smells the worst?
a: Poopiter. This joke courtesy of my 7 year old son. He was very proud of it.

q: What did Obama say when he was alone?
a: Obamaself

q: What lies on it's back a hundred feet in the air?
a: A dead centipede.

q: What do you call it when...?
a: What do you call it when you photograph childbirth?  Child bornography.

q: Why don't you give a college kid fried chicken?
a: Because their too hopped up on crack and politics to have an appetite. 

q: What do you call a zoo with only Giraffes?
a: Giraffic Park!!!!!!! HAHHHAHAAHHAHAA

q: Why do old Jews watch pornos backwards?
a: They like to see the hookers give the money back''''

q: What do prisoners used to talk to each other in jail?
a: Cell Phones.

q: What do Welshmen call a sheep dog in Wales?
a: Their Pimp

q: What do you call a Jamaican redditor?
a: [Le]mon

q: You know why the Baptists don't make love standing up?
a: They don't want people to think they're dancing. Not my joke cheech marins I'm high as Fuck and thought you guys might like it too.

q: What do you call it when a sewer collapses on itself?
a: Sewercide

q: What do you say when you leave the UAE?
a: Dubai-bye!

q: What does an 80-year-old person taste like?
a: Depends.

q: Why is the number of black priests so small?
a: Most of them run away after being called father once or twice

q: How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two! But don't ask me how they got inside there.

q: What's the gayest way to die?
a: Prince died from the flu ... Theraflu?

q: Why did the boy drip his ice cream?
a: He got hit by a bus. 

q: Where did the Jewish girl go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere.

q: What do you call a Jamaican who likes spaghetti?
a: A Pastafarian.

q: Why do seagulls live by the sea?
a: If they lived by the bay they'd be bagels.

q: Why did the Chemistry Teacher go to Jail?
a: He got caught giving alcohol to minors.

q: What is Jamaica's favorite TV series?
a: The Walking Dread

q: What do you call a snake that's 3.14 metres long?
a: A thon

q: Whats the difference between a smart midget and a venereal disease?
a: Ones a cunning runt...

q: How does William Shakespeare make chili?
a: With beans? Or not with beans? That is the question.

q: What do you call a Norwegian prostitute?
a: A fjord escort.

q: How do you starve a neurosurgeon?
a: Hide his paycheck with his kids.

q: What's the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage?
a: Terrorists blow them selves up at camp on accident

q: What do you call a trespassing camper?
a: Criminal intent

q: What do you call a computerized rock band?
a: ASCII/DSCII

q: Why are homosexuals always happy?
a: Cause they're gay (happy).

q: How did the psychiatrist break his leg?
a: He had a Freudian slip.

q: What is the driest soda you can buy?
a: Baking soda.

q: How do you celebrate Christopher Columbus day?
a: Barge into your neighbor's home and claim it as yours.

q: How many optometrists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One? Or two? One? .... Or two? 

q: Whats the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphanage?
a: I don't know I just fly the drone.

q: Why do men die before their wives?
a: Because we want to!

q: What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
a: Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.

q: How many software developers does it take to fix a light bulb?
a: none, its a hardware issue.

q: What do you do when you see your wife stumbling around in the backyard?
a: Shoot her again.

q: Why did Insane Clown Posse never learn about magnets?
a: They're repulsive!

q: What will Stevie Wonder's next album be called?
a: Songs In the Key Of Death

q: Where's the best place to pick up a girl who plays hard-to-get?
a: Around the ankles and wrists :D

q: What's green and smells like pork?
a: Kermit the frog

q: You know why matter is fond of using the metric system?
a: Because a lot of it is Pro-ton

q: What's another name for Krav Maga?
a: Kike-boxing!

q: What do you call a Bear who is just learning to use the force?
a: A PANDAwan learner.

q: How do you start making big bucks?
a: With a little doe

q: How many Jersey girls does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One. They'll screw anything

q: Did you hear about the identical twins who robbed a bank?
a: After they were caught, they finished each other's sentences.

q: What's your favorite word?
a: 5-Year-Old: Empathy! I don't even know what it means! Me- I know how you feel.

q: What do pedophile sex-tourists and napalm have in common?
a: They can both strip a Vietnamese orphan in under a minute.

q: When are Latkes traditionally eaten?
a: While hiding in an attic.

q: Did you read the article about corduroy pillowcases?
a: ... They're making headlines. 

q: What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie?
a: It's fucking Frozen!!!!!

q: Could Cat Stevens beat Wolf Blitzer?
a: No, but Tiger Woods

q: What do you get when you have an ant with 8 legs?
a: An uncle that has to build a bigger shoe closet...

q: What's the diffence between a thong and a bandsaw?
a: Nothing... Just one inch of a slip with your finger and you're in deep shit in both cases.

q: What is the best way to stop rape?
a: Consent

q: What is a group of gay pirates favorite pastime?
a: Pegging each other's booty

q: Which wrestler has the finisher that stings the most?
a: Stone Cold Steve Irwin.

q: Why is it easy for gays to escape a fire?
a: Because their shit is already packed.

q: Why did the chicken cross the road today?
a: To get away from all the assholes making Prince jokes.

q: What's Bernie Sanders's favorite insurance company?
a: Progressive 

q: When is my wife's favorite day to make love?
a: Tomorrow

q: What's an epileptic's motto?
a: Carpe diem.

q: Do you know what Jafar's original name was?
a: Male-ficient.

q: How did the blind girl accidentally get pregnant?
a: As careful as she tried to be, she could never have seen him coming

q: Why did the Boxer Rebellion fail?
a: They had no Qin

q: What happens when your friend from Prague topples over?
a: You right a Czech.

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Andrew Jackson?
a: One goes from black to white, the other goes from white to black.

q: RIP Prince. But are there any updates from Michael Jackson?
a: He sure is taking a long while preparing for his new Thriller video. What gives?

q: What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady?
a: But we'll never know, because he can't stand up?

q: What are the best kinds of speedbumps?
a: Orphan shaped ones.

q: Why does a pony have a sore throat?
a: Because it's a little hoarse.

q: What happened when Hamlet discovered his love dead?
a: Necro-Ophelia

q: Did you hear about Prince?
a: Well I mean the artist formerly known as Prince.

q: What does a belt like to do?
a: Getting Waisted

q: Where does the 3D shape go when it murders someone?
a: Prism

q: What comes in hard, comes out soft, and what do you blow hard?
a: chewing gum, you sicko...

q: Why us it not good to have an oily face?
a: The US might invade it. 

q: How do you find the circumference of a sheep?
a: Use shepherds pi

q: Why do the French not pronounce "h" at the beginning of words?
a:  Because they hate it.

q: What do you call a group of hot moms in space?
a: THE MILFY WAY!

q: What's it called when a priest is always late?
a: Collared people's time

q: How many muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Sorry comments are unavailable on this joke.

q: What's the deal with comedians who use observational comedy?
a: All they do is describe things and look like idiots.

q: When drinking liquor while watching baseball, at what point will you be the most drunk?
a: Bottom of the fifth, of course.

q: What do you give a girl that has everything?
a: Penicillin

q: Why was the powerlifter fired from his job at the restaurant?
a: He was awesome at cleaning the bar, but he wouldn't stop jerking it.

q: Why do black people have big nostrils?
a: Because air is free

q: Have you seen the new French Flag?
a: It's a white cross on top of a white background.

q: What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do at night?
a: He stays up wondering if there really is a dog.

q: What do you call it when an eclipse occurs?
a: When God forgets to pay the electricity bill.

q: What animal can only survive in temperate climates?
a: A lukeworm.

q: What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: What is DNA short for?
a: National Dyslexics Association

q: Was JFK born in USA?
a: Doubtful, he sounds Kennedyan!

q: How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: I don't know, I just set the bulb down somewhere, now I can't find it. Where the hell did the bulb go?

q: Where does Santa keep his nuts?
a: In his nutsack...

q: Why do wrestlers love video games?
a: Because of the lutte

q: What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex?
a: I'll be home in 20 minutes

q: If 4/20 is national weed day whats 4/21?
a: National surprise drug test day! Happy 4/20 everyone! :)

q: Why does black lives matter affect the postal service?
a: They have white mail privilege.

q: Who was the chicken's favorite musician?
a: Bach.

q: What did the mouse say when his cheese was stolen?
a: Rats!

q: Did you hear they finally caught the watch thief?
a: It was only a matter of time!

q: Why did the blind man become Hitler?
a: Because he could 

q: How are a pizza maker and a gynecologist the same?
a: They can both smell it, but they can't taste it. 

q: What's the difference between bacteria and rednecks?
a: When looking at bacteria you can actually find some culture.

q: Why will the artist formerly know as Prince only hire former FBI agents as his house maids?
a: Because they must be able to "dust for Prince" I'll see myself out now

q: What subject did the Warlock major in at University?
a: Fel-osophy

q: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz are on a plane. The plane crashes. Who survives?
a: America. 

q: Why is golf better than sex?
a: It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes. 

q: Why did Hitler really commit suicide?
a: He got the gas bill

q: What's worse than being stuck in traffic behind a driver that's vaping?
a: Realizing that your being intently watched for your reaction to their sic clouds - BEST RECOGNIZE!

q: Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man?
a: Because she won't pull out until she's done.

q: If Hilary and Trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive?
a: America.

q: Have you seen the movie Constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: Why do cops make good farmers?
a: They're good at planting evidence.

q: What do you call a laughing labradoodle?
a: A snickerdoodle. 

q: What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
a: Donald Trump's tie.

q: Problem with fire ants?
a: Step 1: Buy a can of black spray paint Step 2: Stir up each ant mound with a stick. The ants will emerge by the hundreds to defend their mound.  Step 3: Spray each mound and the surrounding area, make sure you get plenty of paint on the ants as well.  Once the ants realize they live in a black neighborhood, they  quit working and start killing each other.  Problem solved. 

q: What's attractive in a prostitute ?
a: The Price. Own creation if anyone asks.

q: What do you call someone who does a BA in Arts, a MA in English and a PhD in Gender Studies?
a: A well educated Barista

q: Where do all the normies play?
a: In the areeeeeiiiiiiiiina

q: How can a vegetarian satisfy himself in a non vegetarian Indian restaurant?
a: Naan

q: Why do marine biologists have such a high job satisfaction rate?
a: Because they find their work gives their lives a great deal of porpoise.

q: What did the pirate say when he walked into the brothel?
a: arggg! thar she blows

q: Why don't Mexicans play bridge?
a: Because they're afraid of the trump card.

q: What's the difference between Trump and a pile of poop?
a: A pile of poop is naturally brown.

q: How does procrastination start?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow.

q: Where did Josef Stalin watch pornography?
a: On Redtube.

q: If Matthew McConaughey was in the KKK, what would his catchphrase be?
a: All white, all white, all white

q: What do you call someone who was born in a camper?
a: A son of a hitch!

q: All your responses must be oral, okay?
a: Q: "What school did you go to?" A: "Oral."

q: What do you call a white girl that can run faster than her brothers?
a: A redneck virgin

q: Why are Republicans so insistent on a war in the Middle East?
a: Because its good Christian values to invade the Middle East.

q: How does a handwriting analyst determine how his lover is feeling?
a: He looks into his lover's 'I's.

q: What does a fat person, a match, and a phone have in common?
a: Cellulite.

q: What do u call a bad jokester?
a: Matteo

q: What did the hammer announce over the intercom to the evacuating screws screaming for help?
a: "This is not a drill!"

q: What's a blind person's least favorite theme park?
a: Seaworld

q: Where does a general keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies

q: Why do people in tumblr like quantum computing?
a: Because it's non binary

q: Why did the tomato blush?
a: It saw the salad dressing

q: What do you call a balding Native American?
a: A patchy..

q: What's the Riddler's favourite beverage?
a: Obscuri-tea.

q: What's worse than an adult?
a: An adult Hitler.

q: How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: I don't know, but it's not five, because my basement is still dark. 

q: Why didn't Edward get on the plane?
a: Cause it was snowed-in.

q: What do you call a person in the White House who is honest, intelligent, and law-abiding?
a: A tourist.

q: What joke would piss off any redditor?
a: Update 1: Punchline removed.

q: How many freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two.  One two scre   I said   in the bulb and one to hold the peni   it's a 

q: What the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple?
a: Pimples wait until puberty to come on your face.

q: Why did AMD release black edition cpu?
a: Cause they run faster than white.

q: Wat do you call the entrance to a whore house?
a: A Hodor

q: Why did dave go into the backseat?
a: Because kurt called shotgun.

q: Why did the masturbating murderer turn himself in?
a: He came to his senses.

q: What's the difference between USA and USB?
a: One connects to all your devices & accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard

q: Why did the ghost go to rehab?
a: He had a problem with boos.

q: What is Jack the Rippers favorite restaurant?
a: Chick Fillet

q: Why did the man wear a diaper to the bar?
a: So he could save his stool.

q: What Does Trump Say When His PC Crashes?
a: We need to build a Fire Wall!

q: Why does Sirius Black get all the girls?
a: Because he's a real dawg.

q: What did the basic girl say after all her writing utensils broke?
a: I literally cant even write now 

q: What is the difference between being Scottish, Irish, or Welsh?
a: The difference is what people you hate

q: What is Cthulhu's favorite cookbook?
a: The NecroNomNomNom!

q: What's the difference between friends and potatoes?
a: Potatoes don't scream when you peel their skin and toss them in boiling water.

q: What's the worst thing to come out of The Armenian Genocide?
a: Kardashians 

q: What is a chiropractor's favorite movie?
a: Thoracic Park

q: How do you greet the cold horse across the fence?
a: Howdy Neigh - Brr Made up by my 4 year old son. 

q: What do you tell a diabetic girl in bed?
a: Hi sugar

q: How do you know your sister's having her period?
a: Your dad's dick tastes weird.

q: What were the last words of the Mayor of Hiroshima?
a: "What the fuck was tha . . ."

q: What does all pirate music have in common?
a: It's all played in the high C's.

q: What does Hillary Clinton use to drown the noise of Black Lives Matter protesters?
a: White noise 

q: What's black and screams?
a: Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

q: Why did the midget laugh while walking across the field?
a: Because the grass tickled his balls.

q: Why does Victoria beckham shave her twat?
a: Because he can't be trusted with the razor.

q: Why was Vladimir late to gym class?
a: cause he was Putin his shoes on XD

q: What do you call an anarchist grandmother who just found out she's pregnant?
a: Rebel without a menopause.  

q: If H2O is water, and H2O2 is hydrogen peroxide, what is H2O4?
a: Drinking, bathing, watering etc etc.

q: What does a frog do when it's sad?
a: Kermits suicide.

q: What does dark humor have in common with food?
a: Not everyone gets it.

q: Why are most reactionists black?
a: Because stealing is the only thing they can do. 

q: How do cannibals pick up women?
a: With a fork

q: What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move?
a: Hit the Juan

q: What do people do for a party itinerary in the Jersey Shore?
a: Gym.Tan.Laundry.

q: What do you call a group of armed nuns enforcing the status quo?
a: a force of habit

q: What do you call a native american women that has 2 periods a month?
a: a 2 cycle engine 

q: What do you call three Make-a-Wish Foundation kids?
a: A genie. 

q: Pssst, what's the answer to question number 5?
a: umm, dude this is a voting booth.

q: What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to a crocodile?
a: A crocodile!

q: Do you like any sports?
a: No, but i like   10s

q: Why was the illegal immigrant so offensive?
a: Because he crossed the line

q: What's the difference between a Kindle and a Kindle Fire?
a: The Kindle Fire has a lithium battery.

q: Whats the difference between the circus and a strip club?
a: Circus is full of cunning stunts. 

q: What did the ancient Egyptian cheerleader chant?
a: "THERE IS ONE GOD, HE IS THE SUN GOD! RA! RA! RA!"

q: What do Princess Diana and Pink Floyd have in common?
a: Their last big hits were The Wall.

q: Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
a: Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? A: Her wedding cake.

q: What does the Dodge driver say when someone knocks the door?
a: Cummins.

q: How do you tell 2 Scotsmen apart?
a: You lift their kilts, and whichever one of them has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!

q: What do you call an insane nocturnal blood-sucking parasite?
a: A lunartick.

q: why the animale go to the store?
a: "chill" with friends

q: What did Sam say to the young Americans?
a: "Guess where this finger's going."

q: Why Indian restaurants are so good at JavaScript?
a: Because they do curry so well

q: Why does Barbie hate Amazon?
a: because they're always putting sales out on ken-dolls.

q: What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky?
a: the fam copter 

q: How do cows move in groups?
a: Si-MOO-taniously

q: Why did Sally fall of the swing set?
a: Why did Sally fall of the swing set? Because she had no arms.  Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally. 

q: What's the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut?
a: About 3 weeks.

q: How do you tell the sex of an ant?
a: If it floats, it's a boy-ant. 

q: Did you hear about the horny squirrel?
a: he was fucking nuts

q: Did you know Darth Vader had a wife?
a: Her name was Ella.... Ella Vader.

q: Did you hear about the Energizer Bunny?
a: A judge charged him with battery.

q: How does a mermaid give birth?
a: By sea-section!

q: A kid asked his mom : how did you make me ?
a: His mom said : one night i put little sugar under my pillow and in the morning you were by my side; The kid grabbed some sugar and put it under his pillow, he woke up in the morning and found an ant in his bed, "If you weren't my son, I swear i would've squashed you!" 

q: How do we know that Dumbledore was a horcrux?
a: Because killing him after the second film wasn't good enough.

q: What do STDs and jokes have in common?
a: They're both easily spread.

q: What should be Serena William's nickname?
a: Tennis-ee Williams

q: What did Sean Connery do when he saw a guy drowning?
a: he started undressing and yelled 'I will shave you'

q: Whats the difference between a pile of dead babies and a ferrari?
a: I dont have a ferrari in my garage.

q: What's the difference between a Ferrari and a boner?
a: I don't have a Ferarri.

q: Why does Kim Jong Un love books?
a: Because he is the Supreme Reader.

q: What do you call a gay guy who blends in really well with his straight friends?
a: homogeneous

q: What happened when the sausage came in first?
a: An announcer said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we have a wiener!"

q: What's a Frenchman's favourite social media button?
a: Retweet.

q: What's long and black?
a: The unemployment line.

q: How will Trump fund the wall?
a: He'll get the money from   street

q: What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter?
a: One of them left the chamber alive.

q: Why did the circus animals go on strike?
a: The elephants found out that they were being paid peanuts compared to the rest of the troupe and the ringleader was taking the lions share.

q: Where do you buy a baby?
a: Hole Foods.

q: How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they would just beat the room for being dark.

q: What's better than getting gold in the Special Olympics ?
a: Being normal.

q: Asked my friend from North Korea how has life been going?
a: He said he couldn't complain..

q: How long does it take for a black woman to poop?
a: Nine months.

q: How does the Mexican national anthem start?
a: Jose can you see.....

q: What did the German physicist call his beer mug?
a: Ein stein.

q: Why did John Lennon get shot?
a: because Mark Chapman was a terrible shot, and kept missing Yoko.

q: You know what's better than Tennessee?
a: Elevennessee. 

q: What Nationality has the easiest time learning sign language?
a: Italians.

q: What's addicting?
a: The sound an erection makes when it hits a cymbal. 

q: How many Sandpeople does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: You never can tell. The Sandpeople always ride in single file to hide their numbers.

q: What is 50 Cent's guiding philosophy?
a: Be the change you want to see in the world.

q: What the rapper's younger brother say when he got hit by his Molotov Cocktail?
a: "Looks like bro's mix tape finally dropped..."

q: What kind of wolf never runs?
a: Steppenwolf

q: What do you call an annoying Chinese chef?
a: A Woky Talky

q: What do you call the security guards outside a Samsung factory?
a: Guardians of the Galaxy

q: What was the name of the Mongolian warlord's favorite cow?
a: Angus Khan

q: What Color Is It?
a: In case you hadn't noticed, the color of the wind is 'blew.'  Water always looks 'wet' to me. Dirt is oviously 'dirty.' Soup seems 'soupy.' If you can't find those Crayons in your box, contact CRAYOLA.

q: How do the Lanisters make large beds?
a: They put two twins together to make a king.

q: What do a porn star and an IT security analyst have in common?
a: Both do penetration testing.

q: What's worse than finding half a worm in your apple?
a: The holocaust.

q: What do you call a bodybuilding Mexican who's run out of protein?
a: No whey Jose.

q: What's a pigs favorite morning tv show ?
a: Morning Ham

q: What did the BMW say to the Audi on the side of the road?
a: Rust-in-peace.

q: What type of curry sets fire to the rain?
a: A-Dhal 

q: Do you know why Trump's name is on all of his buildings?
a: So the banks know which ones to take back! Ha cha cha!!

q: Why does pokemon have only one save file per game?
a: I mean think about it, One for Charmander One for Squirtle and one for your second charmander. (found that but it's against rules to post links lol so I'll just leave that here for a good laugh)

q: What do Emos and automatic lights have in common?
a: They'll both off themselves eventually.

q: did you hear about the flying German pancakes in WW2?
a: they were in the luftwaffle!

q: What smells like shit, looks dead, and doesnt give a fuck?
a: Gamers

q: What's it like to have a social life?
a: Asking for a friend.

q: What do you get when you cross a slaughterhouse worker and a bad comedian?
a: A bunch of butchered jokes

q: How many tickles does it take to make an octupus laugh?
a: Ten tickles.

q: What's 12 inches and white?
a: Nothing.

q: What do you get when you cross an octopus and a lion?
a: A stern rebuke from the ethics committee and an immediate withdrawal of funds. 

q: Why is Bernie Sanders seems like having a long nose?
a: because AIR IS FREE

q: What does a Jamaican Liar sit on?
a: Deceit.

q: Did you hear about the new pop singer that has giant nipples?
a: Her name is Areola Grande.

q: What's the difference between a catholic and and a catoholic?
a: One is devoted to following to rules laid down by those who consider their will that of the divine. The other is a type of christian.

q: How many Jews can you fit in a car?
a: Two in the front, two in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray. 

q: What did Mike Tyson say to Vincent van Gogh??
a: You gonna eat that?

q: Racist: What's black and white and unemployed?
a: Just kidding about the white part. 

q: What do you call a construction truck wearing a toupe?
a: a dump trump 

q: What do you call a man wearing two rain jackets?
a: Max

q: Why are linear equations so easy to interrogate?
a: Because they always give you a straight answer.

q: What's the hardest thing about having a colostomy bag?
a: Finding shoes to go with it. 

q: What is the bravest organ?
a: The  -bladder. 

q: What do you call a woman who does not have all her toes on one foot?
a: Normal

q: What is Robb Stark's least favorite band?
a: The Fray

q: What's long, straight, and found between a pair of legs?
a: The hypotenuse.

q: What do you call a Russian bovine made out of small flowerless plants?
a: A moss-cow

q: Where does Lorena Bobbitt get her chicken sandwiches?
a: Dick-Fil-A

q: Why did the melons get married in a church?
a: Because they cantaloupe.

q: Why do traffic lights turn red?
a: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!

q: What is cheese's favorite music genre?
a: R and Brie

q: Can February March?
a: No, but April May.

q: What do you call a group of black people?
a: Antique farm equipment.

q: What do you call a prison for gays?
a: Prism

q: What is Peter Pan on death row?
a: A frying Pan

q: What word has the most letters in it?
a: Postbox.

q: What do you call it when you get a blowjob from a woman with Zika?
a: A little head

q: What's the difference between Hitler and Donald Trump?
a: One made a killer microwave.

q: What's the most influental animal rights philosopher?
a: Karl Barx

q: Why did everyone make fun of the economist's fetish?
a: He was into inflation.

q: What do you call a horse that lives next to you?
a: A Neigh-bor. Sorry for my horrible dad joke. 

q: What kind of bees make milk?
a: Boo-bees ( . ) ( . )

q: Is it just me or is champion op-ness kind of rotating ?
a: Like now the tank meta is out of control before that it was ADC then devourer/cinderhulk. Will the game ever be balanced or just classes take turns at being op?

q: What do you do after raping a blind, deaf and mute girl?
a: Break her fingers so she can't tell anyone.

q: Why did Hitler move from Germany to Westeros in full support of the Starks?
a: Because he saw real hope for an Aryan nation.

q: Why did Donald Trump outlaw grated cheese ?
a: So he could make America grate again.

q: What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines?
a: Panickin' Skywalker.

q: Which composer do lumberjacks prefer to listen to?
a: Chopin

q: How many black guys does it take to cook chicken?
a: None. Blacks belong in the fields, woman belong in the kitchen.

q: Anyone know why jewish people like coupons and deals so much?
a: They are just trying to avoid the whole cost. I feel terrible for making this up........ But ill get over it.

q: Why is Six afraid of Seven?
a: Because Seven is a SIX offender!!!

q: What do you call 1000 emo kids at the bottom of the ocean?
a: A good start.

q: How would you rate an average upholstery job upon completion?
a: Eh. Sew-sew.

q: An emo kid, a Jew, a Mexican, and a black guy jump off a building, who wins?
a: Society  

q: What's 12 inches long and makes your wife scream all night?
a: Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. 

q: What did the ghost of Kurt Cobain say right after his death?
a: My feet are killin' me!

q: what do you call a magical dog?
a: A Labracadabrador.

q: What do you call a Robotic Abortion Doctor?
a: The Terminator

q: What do you call a group of Spanish-speaking moms who band together to protect their neighborhood?
a: Super Barrio Mothers

q: What do you call a Jew who gets beat by women?
a: Bernie Sanders.

q: What kind of cancer always stands by the government?
a: Pro-state cancer.

q: How should justice be brought about on criminal semites?
a: By judge and jew-ry.

q: Do you have any raisins?
a: What about a date?

q: Why are no murders solved in West Virginia?
a: Everyone has the same DNA and no one has any teeth.

q: What do you get when you mix a elephant and a rhino?
a: Elephino!

q: What did the passive-aggressive raven say?
a: "Nevermind, Nevermind"

q: Which bees produce milk?
a: ...The boo-bees!

q: Did you hear about Trump getting Pink Floyd back together?
a: Only problem is, he's gonna make them pay for every brick in the wall.

q: How can you tell if a girl is under 18?
a: Ask her if she is a Bernie Sanders supporter.

q: What do you call a Jew who is terrible with money?
a: Bernie Sanders.

q: Why are the Irish considered lucky?
a: It's because they're always drunk as hell. 

q: Why is mustard gas so dangerous?
a: Because it was used in World War One to kill people.

q: What do you call a Jew with no chance of getting ahead?
a: Bernie Sanders.

q: What's a Jew's favorite classic rock song?
a: Money - Pink Floyd

q: Why was the potato chip angry?
a: Because he was salty Edit: im so sorry.

q: What's the difference between a baby and baby Alien?
a: One bursts into tears. The other bursts out of tears

q: What do Mathematicians use to fry their food?
a: Euler butter.

q: What's the most popular Internet meme in China?
a: Ayy lMao

q: What does a rich guy from Israel wear?
a: Jewelry.

q: What happened when the composer got angry?
a: He flew off the Handel

q: Whats the difference between boobs and batteries?
a: If they're AA, at least batteries have something positive

q: What do you call dirty white underwear?
a: Stained glass.

q: What do you call an incredibly flexible chicken with an alien wristwatch?
a: Bent Hen.

q: Why is it that sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
a: So they don't get mistaken for feminists.

q: What did the fly say to the other fly?
a: "Your man is open!"

q: Why did the dolphin get a fair trial?
a: Because Habeas Porpoise. 

q: Why did they give a megaphone to the dog who couldn't climb a tree?
a: Because he couldn't bark

q: How are eating a girl out and working for the CIA similar?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.  (Thanks to   for pointing out the mistake last time

q: What happens when you get a bladder infection?
a: Urine trouble.

q: what do you call a gay guy on roller skates?
a: Rolaids

q: How did the man find out his sister was actually his half-sister?
a: He saw her penis

q: What's a tree's favourite composer called?
a: Bach

q: Girl, do you watch football?
a: Cuz I'll finger blast you harder than Jason Pierre Paul

q: Why does Bob Ross hide his wife's razor?
a: So she always has a happy little bush!

q: What does a bee from Asia do?
a: Nepallinates flowers.

q: What do you get when you dissolve Zyklon B into Israel's water supply?
a: A final solution

q: What is it called when Lebron James has sex?
a: Bron-choitus 

q: What do baby showers and golden showers have in common?
a: Nothing, you sick pervert!

q: You know what they say about girls with big feet...?
a: They gotta wear big shoes.

q: What did the Russian tell his nervous Socialist Dictator at the amusement park?
a: "Quit Stalin and get on the ride!"

q: Why do women love chocolate?
a: Because it's the only time 'rich' and 'dark' are used to describe the same thing. 

q: Why was Ohm the Empire's best scout?
a: He discovered the resistance

q: What do you call the worst Dr. who graduated from the worst med school?
a: Dr.

q: How much does Dickbutt make an hour?
a: Minimeme wage

q: Who is this "one"?
a: And why is he always arguing with people?

q: What is the difference between catholic priest and acne?
a: An acne doesn't come on boy's face until he's 13.

q: What does Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashes?
a: Nothing.

q: what do you call a mexican who lost his car?
a: carlos

q: What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist?
a: She got the sack

q: What is light and red?
a: Pink

q: Where did the little Japanese girl go when the little boy dropped by?
a: Everywhere.

q: Did you hear about the scarf that Eva Braun knitted for Hitler?
a: He said it was kampfy and that he reiched it a lot, but that it could have used fuhrer stitches.

q: What's the difference between sex and a slice of pizza?
a: It takes me longer to eat the pizza

q: What do you call a Russian snake that's eating its own tail?
a: An ouroboris

q: What do you get when you cross a cow with an octopus?
a: Reprimand from the university ethics board and immediate withdrawal of all research grants. 

q: What do you call a crocodile/robot sent from the future to save the past?
a: Termigator (jesus christ this one's even worse than the last)

q: Where do you take a sick ship?
a: To the doc(k)!

q: Why did the hypothalamus want to join a band?
a: Because it had great circadian rhythms.

q: What's the difference between a person with a forehead and a fivehead?
a: A sixth sense 

q: What did Mexican Anakin say when he heard about the Catholic Priest sex scandals?
a: Now   is Padre sin!

q: Why did the Mayor take so long to endorse a Presidential candidate?
a: Because he was running on CP time.

q: How do you kill a fox?
a: Give him a fake leg and make him run across Canada.

q: What do you call a Mexican detective?
a: Sherlock, homes

q: What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight?
a: Make up sex.

q: If a well endowed woman works at Hooters, where does a guy with an amputated leg work?
a: IHOP

q: Why are men typically smarter than women?
a: They come across more things. 

q: How rare was the disease that killed Tom Jones' wife?
a: It's not unusual

q: Who would steal an artificial leg?
a: Im stumped.

q: Why was a guy arrested for peeing on Indian land?
a: He was on a Nipissing reserve. 

q: Why was I sentenced to 1 year in prison with 6 months probation after killing a nigger?
a: On charges of impersonating a police officer.

q: Why can't Democrats sell pants?
a: They believe in a single-pair system.

q: What do you call a /u/LegitLizard that can't move?
a: A   with e  dysfunction!

q: Why do asians squint all the time?
a: Because nukes are so bright

q: Where did Suze go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere 

q: What do you call a white guy with a small dick?
a: Caucasian

q: What do you call a fart in a gay bar?
a: A mating call LoL

q: Why is the bottom of the ocean so dark?
a: Black people can't swim. -.-

q: What's a communist's favourite beverage?
a: Leninade

q: How was the roman empire cut in half?
a: With a pair of caesars Edit: fixed

q: When is a car not a car?
a: When it turns into a driveway

q: Why was Michelangelo banned from bukakke porn?
a: Cuz he could never paint dat mouth right

q: What did the doctor say to the midget in his waiting room?
a: You're just gonna have to be a little patient.

q: What's the difference between plants and black men?
a: Cells are found inside plants.

q: What's brown and walks upstairs backwards?
a: A corgi with a boner.

q: What do you call a masculine Arab?
a: Protein Sheikh

q: Why did everybody where white pants at The Masters?
a: Dustin Johnson sneezed.

q: Why did the blonde call an exterminator?
a: Her computer had a bug...

q: Why didn't the Mexican take Xanax?
a: He was barred.

q: What's a bad way to stop a pedophile?
a: Tell him to think of the children.

q: What does A&W stand for?
a: 'Amburgers & Woot Beer! Edit: Thanks to my dad for this one.

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives?
a: America

q: what did the router say to the doctor?
a: It hertz when IP.

q: What's the difference between rape and football?
a: Girls don't like football.

q: Why was the Gungan sent back in time by the Weeping Angel?
a: He Jar Jar Blinked.

q: What's a polar bear?
a: A rectangular bear after a cordinate transform.

q: Which rappers had a flow that could simultaneously speed up and slow down at the same time?
a: MC Escher 

q: [Dark] What is black on the bottom and white on top?
a: Society. 

q: Question: What river separates China and India?
a: Answer: the Fraser River (which separates Richmond and Surrey)

q: Why does Windows 10 say "Hello"?
a: Because my PC is a Dell. (please don't hurt me it's my first post on   omg)

q: Why didn't the grizzly bear dissolve?
a: Because he wasn't polar

q: Why are the Mexicans building a wall?
a: To keep Donald trump out of mexico

q: What could be a good name for a really inappropriate French porno?
a: The Princess and the Frog

q: Why does Mexico always underperform in the summer olympics?
a: Because everyone that can run, swim or jump is in USA.

q: Tired?
a: There's a nap for that

q: What is the difference between SETI and Donald Trump?
a: One has demonstrated the scarcity of intelligent life in the universe, and the other is a scientific study of extra terrestrials.

q: What's the best part of Chinese food?
a: The 4/10 cookie

q: Why they never refuel in Fast and Furious?
a: Vin Diesel 

q: What's yellow and goes around?
a: A banana in the washing machine.

q: Q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?
a: A: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.

q: How do the French defend a city?
a: We don't know, they've never tried it.

q: What do you call a female comedian?
a: not funny

q: What do you call it when you think you've lost your Italian cured meat, but then you find it again?
a: A falsalami

q: What is harder than telling the difference between Chinese people?
a: Telling the difference between Chinese people with down syndrome.

q: What is west saharan favourite number?
a: Data not avalible.

q: What do you call a criminal that cant see?
a: A macular degenerate.

q: Why did the lead acid battery have to tell the truth?
a: Because if it didn't it would be Li-ion. 

q: What does a cloud with an itchy rash do?
a: Find the nearest skyscraper.

q: What kind of car does George Bush the younger drive?
a: A BMDubya!

q: Why are the Panama Leaks so important, anyways?
a: I mean that canal fucking sucks, so who cares.

q: Did you hear that the North American Man/Boy Love Association go a new tech support guy?
a: He's an e-NAMBLA.

q: What did the duck say after it split the atom ?
a: Quark ! Quark !

q: What do math teachers grow?
a: Geometrees and trigonometrees

q: What's the difference between a cat and a period?
a: A cat has claws at the end of its paws, and a period is a pause at the end of a clause.

q: Two crows are in jail. What are they in for?
a: Attempted Murder

q: What did Death say when his furniture was repossessed?
a: There will be reapercushions. 

q: How did the turtle call his friends?
a: ...on his shellphone

q: Why did the rancher stop attending poker night with his marijuana smoking steers?
a: The steaks were getting too damn high.

q: What does a Syrian pirate say?
a: Allah AkbARRR

q: What do you call the conversation between two birds after they've had sex?
a: Pillowsquawk

q: Did I tell you about the time I was going down on my grandmother?
a: All I could taste was horse semen... So I thought to myself, "this must be how she died!"

q: What's black and eats pussy?
a: Cervical cancer.

q: What do you call a fish that likes to cook?
a: Bobby Fillet

q: Why is Jabba so fat?
a: Because he goes to Pizza Hutt a lot. Edit: Best flair 2016

q: What's Donald Trumps favourite album?
a: The Wall.

q: How will Donald Trump build such a huge wall without congressional approval?
a: By forcing every Juan to work on it.

q: Would you like some salt?
a: Na.

q: What's the difference between a collection and an addiction?
a: I don't have an alcohol collection.

q: How many dead memes does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Over 9000.

q: What does a duck put in its burrito?
a: Quackamole.

q: What's a KKK member's favorite car?
a: A crossfire.

q: Where does almond and cashew milk come from?
a: Crazy cows. They have to be nuts. 

q: What's a fundamentalist Christian's favorite type of car?
a: A convertible. 

q: what did coke call his daddy ?
a: pop

q: What's Hillary Clinton's favorite sitcom?
a: Big Bank Theory

q: What do you call a blank piece of paper?
a: Women's rights.

q: Why the largest state in US has their own Airlines?
a: Alaska

q: What did the rabbit say to the carrot?
a: It's been nice gnawing you. 

q: What's a large bird hiding in the bushes called?
a: A lurkey turkey.

q: If a stork brings a white baby and a crow brings a black baby, what brings no baby?
a: A swallow 

q: What gives you uncontrollable gas?
a: Nazis

q: How can you tell a dog is a cool dog?
a: It swags its tail.

q: What do you call a racecar driver?
a: A racist

q: What did the pedophile write on his Tinder profile?
a: Netflix and Chilldren

q: What did the baby corn say to the momma corn?
a: Where's pop corn?

q: What do you call a dad butt?
a: Dat ass

q: Why couldn't the homosexual Irishman with an oral fixation order at the restaurant?
a: He only spoke gaelic

q: Whats a Muslims favorite cologne?
a: GERMANY!!!!

q: What's the difference between a tuna, a piano and a gluestick?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.

q: Whats Saudi Arabia's highest rated sitcom?
a: How I bought your mother

q: What do you call a sudden breeze at The Masters?
a: Augusta wind.  

q: What is the difference between homeless people and feminists?
a: Sometimes the homeless get change.

q: How do you catch a unique bird ?
a: Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird ? Tame way unique up on it.

q: What has tiny balls and screws old ladies?
a: A bingo machine you sick fuck

q: Why is the new Star Wars film called Rogue One?
a: Because it's a rogue film - a Star Wars prequel that won't be complete shit.

q: What do you call a dock that lost it's cock?
a: A TRANSport

q: How do you know a stranger could be an engineer?
a: Don't worry they'll tell you. 

q: Why when you spill red wine on a carpet do you take the stain out with white wine?
a: Because more alcohol is the solution to all problems. 

q: Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet?
a: Because it was a sewer side mission!

q: Why did the gifting company fire their last employee ?
a: Because they got a bad wrap. 

q: Ever have sex with a schizophrenic?
a: It's fucking crazy.

q: What do Whitney Houston and Jeremy Clarkson have in common?
a: They were both on Top Gear. 

q: Why do the French get high so fast?
a: Because they'll reach 420 before anyone else. Explanation: 80 is quatre-vingt in french and quatre=4 and vingt= 20.

q: What do you get when you cross a German and a Mexican?
a: A beanerschnitzel 

q: If you could have one super power what would it be?
a: Cold War Russia. 

q: What do you call a guy who likes touching unripened cheese?
a: A fetaphile 

q: What do you call two gay Irish men?
a: Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick

q: How is food purchased an an Irish grocery?
a: You buy it per-tater 

q: What did the Nazi doctor tell his fully dilated patient.?
a: Just one more putsch. 

q: Why did the illiterate man with the 3 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend?
a: TLDR

q: If Hillary brought a carpet bag to New York, what did Bill bring?
a: Hard wood.

q: What do you call the doctor for dogs?
a: Dogtor

q: Why is Bill Cosby like the The Wizard of Oz?
a: Cosby Cosby Cosby Cosby cos, because of the wonderful things he drugs

q: Is it I 'ran' through the campground?
a: Or...I 'run' through the campground? Oh right, I ran, because its past tents.

q: If my blood type is A+, can I use that for my GPA?
a: Also how many credit hours does it count as?

q: What has four legs, two humps, and is given a copy of Metal Gear Solid for their computer?
a: Revolver Camelot!

q: What emotion does a tree feel every spring?
a: Relief

q: How Many Business Analysts Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb?
a: None. The light bulb shall never burn out. (OK. It's more cathartic than funny...)

q: Did you see the video of the woman on her period with a yeast infection?
a: It was bloodcurdling.

q: Why is it called almond milk?
a: "Nut juice" wasnt very popular.

q: Did you hear about the cvs looted by BLM supporters?
a: They took everything but the sunscreen and Father's Day cards.

q: What's the worst thing you can come across while browsing the Internet?
a: Your keyboard.

q: Why can't Chinese have Caucasian children?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a white.

q: What do Catholic Star Wars fans say?
a: In the name of the Vader, the Luke, and the Obi-Wan Kenobi

q: How many heretics does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: We're not sure, they've yet to see the light.

q: How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: That's not funny.

q: Why are women such bad drivers?
a: Because they are constantly lied to about what 8" is.

q: Where do bots go for fun?
a: Reddit.

q: Why isn't Hitler allowed at barbecues?
a: Because he burns all the franks but leaves one undercooked.

q: How are women and computers the same?
a: Neither take your 3.5 inch floppy anymore.. unless you pay extra.

q: What do you get if you cross Donald Trump with a reddit user?
a: your mother

q: What happened to the man running in front of a car?
a: He got tired. The man running behind the car -- he got exhausted.

q: Why was the feminist picnic cancelled?
a: because nobody made sandwiches

q: Knock, knock. Who's there? Deja. Deja who?
a: Knock, knock.

q: What gets easier to pick up as it gets heavier?
a: Women.

q: What do you call a lobster dressed up as Santa?
a: Santa Claws

q: Why does my son Richard like playing in the mud?
a: Because he then becomes filthy Rich.

q: Where do Robots go for fun?
a: The Circuits! (this is a joke i made up when i was like 10, i don't think it ever caught on)

q: What's the difference between a Muslim and a Suicide Bomber?
a: One's a follower of Islam and the other is a person who blows themselves up in the hope of causing collateral damage.

q: Why did Kesha switch "$" back to an "s"?
a: Because she no longer has a dollar to her name.

q: Why is Jupiter both the favourite and most hated planet for Jews?
a: Favourite because  piter is the biggest planet in the solar system Hated because it's a gas planet

q: Woman 1 - Your husband now comes home early. How has this happened?
a: Woman 2 - I've simply told him sex will start exactly at 9 PM, with or without him.

q: Did you hear about the lazy pig always making fun of the other pigs?
a: He was always ham-mocking.

q: What does caravans and women underwear have in common?
a: Both are in the way if you are in a hurry

q: What doe you call a banana's grandmother?
a: Banana-nana

q: What do you call Batman who skips Church?
a: Christian 

q: How do you write the sound made by a pot or pan bouncing down the stairs?
a: ... ... ... ... ~~~

q: Why do Scottish men have long skinny dicks?
a: Because they're tight fisted wankers.

q: What's the difference between an infinite line and an infinitely large circle?
a: There is no difference. The joke is you just learned math.

q: [Dirty] What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew?
a: Harry escaped the chamber.

q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
a: Because if they flew over the bay, then they'd be called bagels!

q: What do you call an Irishman who's had eight beers?
a: The designated driver.

q: What is good on pizza, but not good on pussy?
a: The cheese and crust. 

q: How does Kanye West screw in a lightbulb?
a: He holds the lightbulb and the world revolves around him.

q: What did Stella McCartney say during a threesome?
a: Come together Right now Over me

q: Did you hear that Robin got married?
a: Holy Matrimony, Batman!

q: Where do pirates store their files?
a: On their RRRRRRR drive.

q: Why do they call Hannibal Lecter The Mail Man?
a: He always delivers.

q: What do you get when you cross and elephant with a rhinoceros?
a: Elephino!

q: Why doesn't the sun pack it's bags?
a: Because it's traveling light!

q: Why didn't the scarecrow win his award?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field

q: What was more important than the invention of the first telephone?
a: The second telephone.

q: What's the other name for Game of Thrones?
a: ( sex ) Dungeons and Dragons

q: Why did the feminist cross the road?
a: To suck my fucking cock.

q: Why did Hitler commit suicide?
a: Because he saw the gas bill

q: Why are do many Italian-Americans named Tony?
a: When they came to Ellis Island, not one of them could speak a lick of English, but they all had "To NY" on their hats.

q: What do they call divorce in India?
a: Re-arranged marriage

q: What hangs at a man's thigh and wants to poke the hole that it's often poked before?
a: A key.

q: What's the difference between between a pizza and a black person?
a: A Pizza can feed a family of four

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a Bullet?
a: The Bullet leaves the chamber. Courtesy of my comrade Ivo

q: How do you know a presidential candidate is lying?
a: Their lips are moving.

q: Why do all the trees in Kansas lean south?
a: Because Oklahoma sucks.

q: What did the Sewage Worker say to his apprentice?
a: Urine for a surprise. 

q: What do you call a gathering of otolaryngologists?
a: An ENTmoot.

q: What is One Direction's favorite place to eat?
a: Five Guys

q: Why do Jewish men get circumcised?
a: They like 50% off everything

q: What do Mediterranean volcanoes make for dessert?
a: bakLAVA

q: What's the difference between a vegan, a crossfit instructor, and a psychological test subject?
a: The test subject is the only one you'd willingly ask to "tell us about yourself."

q: What did the clam say when a crab attacked him?
a: Kelp!

q: What do you call a Mexican with a small penis?
a: Juan-inch wonder.

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a grape?
a: Elephant grape sine theta

q: How much did the pirate's new earrings cost him?
a: A buccaneer

q: How many times can look at the sun with a telescope?
a: You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!

q: What do you call a German with no good inside?
a: Guten free.

q: What do you call a black astronaut?
a: An astronaut you fuckin racist 

q: How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for his birthday?
a: He felt his presents.

q: Where do stoner cars store their weed?
a: In potholes.

q: Who did E.coli call after it lost a fight in school?
a: Broccoli

q: What are a fedora tipper's three favorite pokemon?
a: M'chop M'choke M'champ

q: Why was the A.I. afraid of instagram?
a: post-upload skepticism

q: How do you call a lesbian, black, Canadian woman?
a: With a phone.

q: Why is Japan the only country to celebrate the Penis?
a: Because it's kawaii.

q: What did Abe Lincoln say after a three day drinking binge?
a: "Wait I freed  ?!?!?"

q: Why can't you trick an unemployed jester?
a: Because he's nobody's fool!

q: What did the dad say to Michael Jackson at the beach?
a: "Get out of my son!"

q: How do you say goodbye to an epileptic?
a: Seizure later

q: What is Dwight Schrute's hometown?
a: Nanda Parbeets.

q: How do programmers get a sixpack?
a: int[][] abs = new int[2][3]

q: Why should you always take at least two Baptists with you when you go fishing?
a: Because if you take only one he will drink all your beer.  

q: Whats a printer's favorite sandwich?
a: A paper jam sandwhich

q: What do you call a dizzy asian?
a: Disorientaled.

q: What do you call a serial killer that deals weed?
a: The Hash Slinging Slasher.

q: Why can't you trick unemployed jesters?
a: Because they're nobody's fool

q: What's the difference between Batman's parents and jokes about Batman's parents?
a: Jokes about Batman's parents can get old.

q: How many animals can you fit in a condom?
a: A cock and a couples of hares! Source: I was told this in a bar tonight and felt the need to share it!

q: Why do school nurses bring a red crayon to work?
a: So they can draw blood

q: Have you heard about Will.i.am's new sitcom?
a: My Name Is URL

q: What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite sex position?
a: FUCKING RAAAWWW!!!

q: What did the newly paroled French prisoner name his restaurant?
a: Attempted Crepe

q: Why are there so many trees in Harlem?
a: For public transportation.

q: How does a lawyer from Panama play his guitar?
a: He shreds.

q: What do you call an armadillo at a fashion show?
a: A roll model

q: What color is the most metal?
a: Ma a

q: Why is Islam in Iran so bad?
a: Not exactly sure why, myself, it's just Shiite

q: What do you call a pink slip served inside a bag of coffee?
a: Grounds for termination.

q: Police Officer: How high are you?
a: Drug addict: No officer, it's Hi how are you? 

q: What's a dentists favorite time?
a: Tooth hurty

q: Where does a guru get his sandwiches?
a: New Delhi

q: What does a terrorist and a soccer player have in common?
a: Mossack Fonseca.

q: How can you tell when a politician is lying?
a: When their lips move

q: What would you call a Mexican that lost his car?
a: Carlos

q: Why did the arborist plant new pine trees on their front lawn?
a: To spruce things up a bit. 

q: What's Kanye West's favorite fish?
a: TLOPia

q: Why did the pregnant woman love to tell jokes?
a: Because she had a pun in the oven!

q: What's the difference between Audi drivers and a cactus?
a: Audi drivers have pricks on the inside

q: What do you call a Spartan king with a disease?
a: Leonitis

q: What does a British guy say when he beats an Eastern European at chess?
a: Czechmate

q: If everybody became a zombie, which zombie would be the most life-threatening one?
a: None of them, since everybody is already dead.

q: What do you call a booth babe at Apple's events?
a: ICandy

q: What did they gay necrophiliac say about his ex-lover?
a: "That rotten asshole split on me again!"

q: What shoes do roosters wear?
a: Chickenstocks

q: Want to know why everyone loves time warner cable?
a: The loading times are out of this world.

q: What vehicle does Hitler use to fly ?
a: Heil-acopter

q: Why aren't there any Muslim feminists?
a: Pork is haram

q: What do you call it when Al Capone goes camping?
a: Criminal intent.

q: You need to chew poop. You can only chew one tsp a day. How do you eat 8tsp in two days?
a: Just don't chew. 

q: What's the most overused joke nowadays?
a: Donald Trump

q: What do Mexicans cut their pizza with?
a: Little Caesars

q: What do you call a farm full of blacks?
a: Antique farm equipment.

q: What did the bartender say to the alien?
a: "You're drunk ET, go home!"

q: Why did the ram run off the cliff?
a: He didn't see the ewe turn.

q: What type of music does the Easter Bunny listen to?
a: Hip-Hop!

q: Why do you want to run for President?
a: Because walking wouldn't burn enough calories.

q: What could have been the most stuppidest result of Napolleonic wars if France won?
a: Tsar Napoleon.

q: What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft?
a: A flat minor

q: How can you tell when Clinton is lying?
a: Her lips are moving.    Yeah, it's an old joke but then again, so is she.

q: What is the best way to determine if someone is ticklish?
a: Give them a "test tickle."

q: Why did Kyle Crane have to change the lightbulb?
a: because he had a dying light

q: how much does a deer cost?
a: its "rdyr" - its funny because in Denmark rdyr means two things - "very expensive" and "doe"

q: Why is it so easy to fool a vampire?
a: Because they're a bunch of suckers.

q: What do you call a cow that will go down in history?
a: Legendairy [From my young daughter]

q: What do you call a strong woman with a successful career and family life?
a: A human being you fucking sexist.

q: Why is dog man's best friend?
a: They keep the mailman away from his wife

q: Why did Barty Crouch Jr. stop drinking?
a: It was making him Moody Edit: Guys, its a Harry Potter Joke for those who don't get it.

q: What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?
a: Michael Phelps could finish a race.

q: What do you call a nose that can see into the future?
a: Nostrildamus

q: How does a **real** man know when a woman is having an orgasm?
a: Who gives a fuck?

q: How an Illuminati living in the arctic is called?
a: An Igloominati

q: What did the peasant say when he went surfing in the Russian Revolution?
a: Serf's up!

q: What do you call a black man with a gun ?
a: You call him "sir".

q: What's another name for a Jew?
a: A sneeze.

q: How much does a Polar Bear weigh?
a: Enough to lower your standards, I'm moonsout_goonsout

q: Why did Constantinople fall?
a: Itstumbled.

q: Whats the difference between the government and a stripper?
a: Strippers don't rig their polls. 

q: What's the difference between a Priest and Acne?
a: Acne waits until you're 13 to come on your face

q: How do people at rodeos heckle the riders?
a: Moooo!

q: What did the hat say to the scarf?
a: You hang around here while I go on ahead.

q: What did Marvin Gaye's dad say to him on his birthday?
a: Son, if this is another tie, I'm gonna kill you.

q: What's the most popular Russian streaming service?
a: Nyetflix

q: What's the Boogeyman's part-time job?
a: BoogeyNAN!

q: How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee?
a: "Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you."

q: How did the Hipster burn his tongue?
a: He drank coffee before it was cool

q: What did the man say when he stopped piggybacking his fat friend?
a: "Man, it feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders!"

q: What did the duck say when he bought the chap-stick?
a: Put it on my bill.

q: Why do accountants make the best serial killers?
a: Because they're calculating.

q: What's the most popular religion for addicts?
a: the Crystal Methodists

q: How man Sah Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None fam it's already lit! Sah duude!

q: How do you make a neato burrito?
a: With cool beans.

q: Do you know the difference between 1 minute of oral and 1 minute of anal?
a: Well, do you have 2 minutes ?

q: What's pink, wrinkly, hairy, smells of pee, and hangs out you boxers?
a: Either your mum, your wife or you. 

q: What do gay Asian men do in the bedroom?
a: They Bangkok

q: What do you do when you lose your Kia car?
a: You go Soul-searching. 

q: What do you say to an native american who, you think, is telling you lies?
a: Don't sittin' bullshit me. 

q: What do you call a perfect society formed by an Asian?
a: A Yutopia

q: Have you heard of the new sex scandal in the church?
a: They're calling it Jesus fucking Christ

q: How much do all the bones in the human body weigh?
a: A Skele-Ton.  Thanks, I'll see my way out.

q: What's E.T. Stand for?
a: Extra testicle 

q: Did you hear about the meteorologist competition?
a: The losers got precipitation trophies.

q: What do you call an Indian man who fought for years for peace that then transitioned into a woman?
a: Mahatma Gone-D

q: What do you call an imaginary color?
a: A pigment of your imagination.

q: What do you call a sick russian?
a: A sicka blyat

q: Why did Jesus die ?
a: He forgot his safe word.

q: Where does Arnie sit at the movies?
a: Aisle B - Back.

q: How many children does it take to change a light bulb in America?
a: About 1 thousand Iraqis.

q: What does an American actor say when going to Europe?
a: Let's go PAL.

q: What happens when Donald Trump takes cialis?
a: He grows taller.

q: How many mitochondria does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, they're the powerhouse of the cell. 

q: Why did the Earth suddenly enter a manic episode then go back to a depressive episode?
a: Because it's bipolar.

q: What's the difference between men and women?
a: Women bitch about jokes, men joke about bitches

q: How many antisocial guys does it take to change a flat tire?
a: Fuck you!

q: What body part never seems to win?
a: The feet.

q: What does a pirate light on the Fourth of July?
a: A m80.

q: What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of pygmies?
a: He tribe of pygmies is a cunning bunch of runts.

q: What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday?
a: Christmas, Carl 

q: What saying is discouraged in both the USA and North Korea?
a: The South Will Rise Again

q: What will i do when i die?
a: Idk!

q: Have you heard the ethical rapist's motto?
a: Give and let live

q: How did Lex Luthor hide his money laundering from superman?
a: He used a krypton-currency.

q: How many fuck boys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, cause its already lit as fuck fam.  

q: What did the lazy suspect say to the court?
a: I haven't done anything to warrant a rest.

q: What do you call a half Mexican half Japanese jedi master?
a: Obi Juan Shinobi

q: What's the difference between a prostitute and oreo?
a: April Fools ya dumbitches!! There's no difference at all. 

q: Why did Elon Musk's wife leave him?
a: she asked for sex and got S3X instead.

q: What do a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common?
a: Always have to smell it, never get to eat it.

q: What's the name of the Iraqi basketball team?
a: Alley-oop Akbar

q: What's Forest Gumps password?
a: 1Forest1

q: Why should you separate something into 62 parts if you want to make it tiny?
a: Because sixty-seconds=minute.

q: When is the worst time to get Cancer?
a: North of the equator.

q: What's the difference between TheFineBros and r/Jokes?
a: Title: What's the difference between TheFineBros and  ? Answer: One made a stupid mistake that rightly lost them subscribers and the other...oh wait.

q: What is Mr. T's favorite month?
a: April, fools

q: Did you hear about the house the two lesbians made?
a: Did you hear about the house the two lesbians made? It was all tongue and groove.

q: Why is r/Jokes like Donald Trump?
a: Title: Why is   like Donald Trump? Text: Because now I look at them both and say  .

q: What did fish on the kitchen bench say to the other fish?
a: Long time no sea.

q: What do you call a chicken that's looking at a cabbage?
a: Chicken sees a salad.

q: How can you tell if someone is ticklish?
a: You use test tickles 

q: Why is Russian the most dangerous language to learn?
a: Because it's Russki. 

q: What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?
a: "If we dont get some support, people will think were nuts!"

q: What do you call it when two amoebas say hi?
a: A micro-transaction.

q: What's the difference between Rutgers and Rikers?
a: One turns young people into horrible human beings and the other is jail.

q: What does /r/jokes and the iPhone vs FBI case have?
a: Both just got hacked

q: Did you guys hear the news?
a: Apparently Donald Trump is a cuck.

q: What musical instrument do people with STDs play?
a: The herpsichord.

q: Why didn't the pretty woman walk down the street?
a: Quadraplegic, terrible car crash ...but she still suck dick for money!

q: What does relative humidity mean to a redneck?
a: The sweat that forms on your nuts when you're banging your sister.

q: What is the opposite of Turkish?
a: Pig Latin

q: What do you call a Unicorn with his horn cut off?
a: a Eunuch-horn! :D

q: What type structural support do you make out of phone books?
a: A call-em

q: What do you call a tuber that buys his girlfriend chocolates?
a: A sweet potato.

q: What do you call a Muslim Elvis Impersonator?
a: Alam Shookup.

q: What do you call it when a car full of Mexicans catches fire?
a: Baked beans

q: What would Al Pacino be called if he marries Daenerys Targeryen?
a: Khal Pacino.

q: Did you know that a person born under caesarean section is not eligble to run for presidency?
a: Yeah, they're not a natural-born citizen.

q: What's it called when you get a boner on a movie set?
a: A direction

q: Once a girl lied to her husband about her extra martial affair .. You know what happened next ?
a: Christianity

q: Why doesn't Trump's campaign manager answer his phone?
a: Unlike him it doesn't have battery charge.

q: Why did Hitler commit suicide ?
a: Because he couldn't pay the gas bill

q: Have you heard of this new drug?
a: The DEA just passed a new controversial drug to help treat lesbians with depression. It's called Tricoxagan.

q: How can you tell if someone has Alzheimer's?
a: A. How can you tell if someone has Alzheimers?

q: What did one boob say to the other boob?
a: You're my breast friend 

q: Did you hear about the Indian that drank 50 cups of Tea?
a: He drowned in his Tea Pee. 

q: What do you call a Mexican Juggalo?
a: A Faygo Diego

q: How do we call a skinhead with an Afro?
a: The only black KKK member. 

q: Why was Selena Gomez suspended in elementary school?
a: Because she couldn't keep her hands to herself.

q: How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Oh don't worry, they'll let you know.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker?
a: One of them starts a religion after it gets nailed.

q: Did you hear about the corduroy pillow?
a: It's making headlines.

q: What do you call a confused Asian person?
a: Disoriental.

q: What do you get when you play a country song backwards?
a: Your wife back, your dog back, your house back...

q: What's the difference between a gambler and a Kasich supporter?
a: A gambler might lose.

q: What's the term for when the pool breaks during water birth?
a: A midwife crisis. 

q: What do you call a rainbow of Jeeps in the driveway?
a: Roy Jeep Biv

q: How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard. Edit 1: Why was my title and username changed?

q: What did the hebrew tree say when the French man asked it's name?
a: Jew Maple

q: Why is Hannibal so rich?
a: Well, he save on groceries.

q: Why Romeo could not meet Juliet at an Apple Store?
a: Poor Juliet! Did not know Apple stores don't have Windows!

q: How do Muslims cook their eggs?
a: Sunni side up.

q: What do you call someone who supports Hillary?
a: Paid off.

q: What do you call it when a therapist falls down for no reason?
a: A Freudian slip.

q: What do Driving Testers and Vegetarians have in common?
a: They are both very pedantic

q: Remember when I pissed off Apollo?
a: Those were dark times.

q: What do you call a Hillary supporter?
a: A journalist.

q: What do you get when you cross a Chicken with Peanut Butter?
a: A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth

q: How can you tell a bernie sanders supporter from a hillary supporter?
a: There age

q: What do dyslexic Koreans eat?
a: Gods

q: Why are aliens bad at high-fives?
a: Because they always klingon!

q: What do you call a rigged carnival?
a: An UnFair.

q: Why couldn't the anthropologist find any Lomekwian tools?
a: They were looking in Oldowan places

q: How many zen buddists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One and not one.

q: Why doesn't an old man ever go down on his old wife?
a: Ever opened a grilled-cheese sandwich?

q: Why did the human cross the road?
a: Because his dick was stuck in the chicken. 

q: If donald trump marries donald duck ,What will they name their child?
a: Donald Dump

q: What do you call a drummer who just broke up with his girlfriend?
a: Homeless

q: What do you call a mentally retarded chef?
a: A slow cooker

q: What do you call a man trying to conceal his boner?
a: The battle of the buldge.

q: What do you call the act of press-ganging someone into a monastery?
a: Force of habit.

q: How is a Trump campaign chief like a vibrator?
a: Both are charged with battery.

q: What do frogs deal?
a: Croakaine

q: Where do country music artists become country music greats?
a: The obituaries

q: How do you know your dog is gay?
a: When his dick tastes like your husband's ass

q: What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer?
a: The taste.

q: How are two gay guys who are perfect for each other similar to an Ancient Chinese Emperor?
a: They both had a mandate from heaven.

q: What's a pirate's least favourite letter?
a: Dear Sir, We are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...

q: Who do you call when a sleepwalker injures himself?
a: The somnambulance.

q: Hillary and Trump are on a sinking boat, who survives?
a: America.

q: What do you call male and female Jewish baristas?
a: Hebrews and Shebrews.

q: Remember back in the day when you'd call someone gay and it was an insult?
a: Now a day, everybody is just so butthurt when you do...

q: What do people store their fondest memories in?
a: A nostaljar.

q: Why is safe sex a dumb idea?
a: Because coat hangers are cheaper than condoms.

q: How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?
a: Ten-tickles

q: What do a pimp and a cowboy have in common?
a: They both know how to throw a hoedown.  Not my joke, just passing it on.

q: You know what amazes me?
a: A maze. 

q: Should computers be made of glass?
a: No, I don't want anybody to see my browser's history!

q: What do you call a bolt that dresses like a woman?
a: A cross-threader 

q: What would be the perfect theme song to Oscar Pistorius kicking trying to kick down a bathroom door?
a: Good Vibrations

q: What do Child predators use to get dry skin off of their feet?
a: A Pedofile

q: What's the difference a kidney bean and a chickpea?
a: I've never paid $200 to have a kidney bean in my mouth.

q: What is the first thing you feel when you shoot a baby with a gun?
a: Recoil 

q: Why do cows wear bells around their necks?
a: Because their horns don't work 8 year old brother just told me this joke, thought it belonged here

q: Whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
a: Beer nuts are $1.99 deer nuts are under a buck

q: Why does a bride wear white?
a: So the dishwasher matches the rest of the appliances.

q: What do people and pizza have in common?
a: If they're black, they can't feed a family.

q: A man has 300 candy bars, but eats 137 of them. Now what does he have?
a: Diabetes.

q: Why did the egg get a ticket from a lady police officer?
a: Because he was picking up good vibrations.

q: What does a spanglish speaking chicken say when it's sorry?
a: I apollogize.

q: What did the stripper say to the father figure?
a: "Well you don't look very familiar..."

q: How do you recycle a condom?
a: Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.

q: How do you make a gay man have sex with a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt.

q: What do you call a sheman wearing a bikini?
a: Flaccid

q: What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
a: Acneusually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.

q: Another tasteless joke about Alzheimer's?
a: Forget it.

q: What's Stephen Hawking's favorite meal?
a: His shoulder. 

q: Porn stars' favorite drink?
a: 7-Up 'n cider.

q: What did Jay Sherman say about your breath?
a: It stinks! 

q: What's in common between a sprinkler and the answer i got if she wanted anal?
a: Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk

q: What's the different between Twitter and Game of Thrones?
a: Twitter has a character limit

q: What do you call a blond woman who dyes her hair brown?
a: Her name, you asshole.

q: Who you must not greet on a plane?
a: HI Jack!

q: How many men does it take to moderate /r/MensRights ?
a: None.  There are no   there.

q: What did Batman give Doctor Freeze with his whisky?
a: Just-ice

q: Have you ever wondered why Severus Snape taught Potions and not Herbology?
a: It's because his Lily died.

q: What do you call a balloon animal made out of a condom?
a: A Trojan horse.

q: What has seven arms and sucks?
a: Def Leppard

q: What do you call a bunch of male pornstars on a flight together?
a: Snakes on a plane.

q: How best to save the iPhone from FBI?
a: Crack it before they hack it.

q: What slides in and out until it's balls are busted?
a: Piston

q: What's long, hard, and full of seamen?
a: A submarine. 

q: Did you know that Subaru used to be called Subalu?
a: But then it moved to Japan.

q: Why does a priest never get married?
a: Because they got nun to love them

q: Why can't Bernie Sanders win the election?
a: Because 12 year olds can't vote. Edit: I'm actually somewhat of a Bernie supporter, I'm just joking about how he has a lot of youth backing him.

q: What's a good pickup line in a New Age bar?
a: I bet it's really nice to be Enya.

q: Why do rappers make bad carpenters?
a: Because they measure 5.5 to 6 inches as 8 to 13 inches.

q: What did the ghost say to the bees?
a: Boo Bees

q: Why do urologists like UTIs?
a: It means urine business. 

q: How many blondes does it take to screw a light bulb??
a: Just 1...blondes will screw anything.

q: What do you call part of a poem written by a Seinfeld character?
a: A George Costanza. 

q: How big is the US-Mexico border wall going to be?
a: It's gonna be YUGE!!!

q: What's Hillary Clinton's favorite Christmas carol?
a: Depends, what is yours?

q: What did the mountain climber name his horse?
a: Everest. Any time he is bored I see him Mount Everest. 

q: What's Donald Trumps's favorite Christmas carol?
a: White Christmas 

q: How do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts?
a: Puppymonkeybaby

q: What is a catchy Girl's name?
a: Answer: Annette

q: Pickup line: Hey girl, did I take a loan from you?
a: Because my interest in you keeps growing.

q: What do you call a nerd after highschool?
a: Boss

q: You heard about the guy who had a heart-attack when the police entered his house?
a: He had a cardiac arrest

q: Why is a hemiola unfair?
a: Because it's three against two.

q: Why do engineering students call themselves engineers?
a: You don't hear a law student call themselves a lawyer, or a gender studies student call themselves a barista.

q: How can you tell if an engineer is an extrovert?
a: They look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.

q: What's the longest word in the English language?
a: A native Texan saying, "Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttttt."

q: What do you call a bagel that can fly?
a: a plain bagel.

q: What is the difference between Trump supporters and everyone else?
a: Trump supporters vote

q: What does a lesbian couple do for fun while they're having their periods?
a: Fingerpaint!

q: Who stole the golden necklace? Was it a High Elf, a Nord or a Khajiit?
a: The Khajiit. 

q: What do you tell a metal head who's walking on an icy street?
a: Slip not.

q: Mum, why do people in our family die so suddenly?
a: Mum? Mum??? MUUUUM!!!!!!!!

q: What browser do you use to watch porn?
a: Bill Gates: "Internet Explorer" Sundar Pichai: "Google Chrome" Tim Cook: "Safari" Jared Fogle: "Tor"

q: What do you call an English teacher who used to have anxiety?
a: Past tense.

q: What rock group has four men that don't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore

q: Why is a UTI such a bad thing?
a: Because it means urine trouble

q: Why are thousands of kittens dying everyday?
a: For some sick, strange reason, men enjoy smashing pussy.

q: What is 12 inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night?
a: Sudden infant death syndrome.

q: Did you hear about that new Jewish car?
a: It stops on a dime, then picks it up!

q: Did you hear about the suicide bombing camp?
a: I heard it was a blast.

q: What animal is endangered by tooth decay?
a: Molar bears!

q: What killed the Aztec?
a: A broken heart.

q: What do you call someone with lots of imaginary friends?
a: Schizofriendic

q: Who led the Jewish people through the semi-permeable membrane?
a: Osmoses

q: How many pepes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One.

q: Why is it hard to break up with a Star Trek fan?
a: Because they are such Kling-ons.

q: How do you play the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
a: Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom, take two shots

q: Did you hear Trump announce he's doing one more season of Apprentice?
a: Winner gets to be V.P.

q: What is a woman ?
a: Man with a uterus somewhere 

q: What's white, hard, and 12 inches long?
a: Nothing.

q: Why doesn't Ted Cruz like doing laundry?
a: Because he always fucks up the delegates.

q: Why is the mushroom so popular?
a: Because he's such a fungi.

q: Wanna hear a cheesy conspiracy?
a: Halluminati 

q: You know how light travels faster than sound?
a: That's why some people seem bright until they start speaking.

q: How does Hitler line people up to get ready for mass genocide?
a: Jew by Jew

q: Why does Teller piss everyone off when he leaves a party?
a: Goes without saying

q: Why did Jesus come back from the dead?
a: Because Mary Magdalene was his Horcrux.

q: Did you hear the one about Bernie Sanders?
a: Probably not, the   mods deleted it before anyone saw.

q: Why is rotten egg the best comedian?
a: He's got a funny yolk.

q: What is Hitler's favourite type of pizza?
a: The Hollow Crust.

q: What's the most American food?
a: Popcorn, because you have to blow it up before you eat it. 

q: Why shouldn't you run over a mexican kid on a bike?
a: Because it might be your bike.

q: What's long and hard when you first put in in your mouth, but soft and wrinkly when you take it out?
a: A piece of gum, you pervert!

q: What is Whitney Houston's favorite coordination?
a: HAND-EYYYYEEEEE-EEEE-IIIII!!!

q: Why did the Indian not show up for work?
a: He was Sikh.

q: If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are on a boat together, and it sinks, who survives?
a: America

q: Did you ever try to shave your own butthole?
a: It's a real pain in the ass.

q: What do you call a female pilot's vagina?
a: A cock pit.

q: What do you call a person with no skin?
a: Dead. Another anti-joke by the fabulous me. Surprisingly, nobody has down voted the first one yet.

q: What's the difference between blue paint and red paint?
a: The color. Yes, this is an anti-joke. Downvote please.

q: What's the difference between your mom and 3 dicks?
a: Your mom can't take a joke. 

q: What is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm?
a: OGG

q: Why are germans so bad at marathons?
a: Because they cant finish a race.

q: [OC] What did the asian say when he saw a line at the local soup kitchen?
a: Ugh.... Pho queue...

q: What does a tree do when it wants to go home?
a: It leaves.

q: What did Darth Vader say to the vegetarian stormtrooper?
a: "I find your lack of steak disturbing."

q: What do you call it when a lizard cums?
a: Busting a newt

q: Did you guys read the book about the midget that hung himself with a belt?
a: I heard it was top notch

q: Did you hear about the blackout?
a: Don't worry, I shot him.

q: What insect is the Wood Ant related to?
a: The Should Ant and the Could Ant.

q: Hear about the time Mohammed's wife called him a pedophile?
a: Mohammed responded "Pedophile is a pretty big word for a 9 year old!"

q: What do you call a peaceful Bruce Lee?
a: Gent Lee (Gently)

q: what qualifies a woman in hollywood for disability benefits?
a: "A" cup

q: What do Caitlyn Jenner and WWII have in common?
a: The Battle of the Bulge.

q: What do giant steel beams say when they come across a nugget of gold?
a: Au

q: Does eating fish makes you dumb?
a: We know that eating fish is supposed to make us "smarter", but the only fishes we eat, are the ones "dumb" enough to get caught. It doesn't make sense.

q: Why did the woman fire her masseuse?
a: He just rubbed her the wrong way

q: What do you get if you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?
a: Hot cross bunnies Happy Easter

q: What was Poppin Fresh's new name after he was put into the witness protection program?
a: John Dough

q: How do you see countries neighboring Russia?
a: Ukraine your neck.

q: What is the female equivalent of a sausage fest?
a: A clam bake edit: You guys are ridiculous, thanks for the steady stream of laughs

q: What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal while they were eating a clown?
a: Does this taste funny to you?

q: Why aren't there any pedophiles in Japan?
a: Because they learned what happens when you touch a little boy. 

q: What is another word for children who haven't learned how to do math?
a: yesallwomen

q: Why does the divorced guy keep a tampon on the top of his tv set?
a: To remind him of the cunt that has his DVD player.

q: What does Belathor call his balls?
a: His treasures.

q: What does Damn Daniel and pedophiles have in common?
a: They're both back at it with the white vans.

q: What kind of a belly button does a German car mechanic have?
a: An Audi

q: Son: Mom, when I will grow up enough to get out of the house without asking you?
a: Mom: Son, your dad has not grown up as much yet. 

q: How do you know you've been making too many jokes?
a: When the wordplay becomes wordwork. 

q: Why did the feminist fail algebra?
a: She couldn't solve inequalities.

q: Why did the orange juice fail his math exam?
a: He wasn't concentrated. 

q: Mom mom! Is light edible?
a: Because I just heard dad tell our neighbour to turn it off so he could shove it down her throat

q: What do santa and a Jew have in common?
a: they both escape through the chimney.

q: Who was the fattest member of Nsync?
a: Joey Fatone

q: How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of the mexicans?
a: Juan by Juan

q: What do you get when a superhero has to use the restroom?
a: A comic relief.

q: What's the difference between a sweatshirt and a jacket?
a: I don't sweatshirt 3 times a day.

q: What does Game of Thrones have in common with The Sixth Sense?
a: Icy Dead People

q: What's a dogs favorite part of a tree?
a: Stick? BARK!

q: What kind of meat do priests eat on good Friday?
a: Nun. 

q: Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells?
a: Because B-shells are too small, and D-shells are too big.

q: What's the difference between the holocaust and killing 5 black men?
a: 5,999,997

q: What do you call two girls having their menstrual cycles?
a: A menstrual bicycle.

q: What's the first step in getting accepted to carpentry school?
a: Submitting a stool sample.

q: How do you find an ants forefathers?
a: Check it's ants-history.

q: What is the highest point in Israel?
a: Mountain Dew. 

q: What is it called when two lawyers are fighting?
a: Civil War

q: Which scientist invented the nuclear powered floor cleaner?
a: J. Robert Moppenheimer 

q: Did you hear about that terrorist attacks in Moscow?
a: There's Ruble everywhere.

q: Dad, What is your favorite music genre ?
a: Elevator music

q: What do vegetarians love to do during sex?
a: Toss some salad.

q: What is the difference between complete and finished?
a: If you find the right woman, you're complete.

q: What's the difference between an original joke and a repost?
a: I don't know, I just click "submit"

q: Can you imagine how hard it must be to intern a suicide bomber?
a: You need three years experience to even apply!

q: Why would you wrap a hamster in duct tape?
a: So it won't explode when you fuck it. 

q: Why did Faraday shop at the discount bird cage store?
a: Because of their great buy one, get one free of charge deals.

q: What do you get when cross-eyed and looking at a solar eclipse?
a: A solar ellipses...

q: What do you call a dumb musician?
a: Curt Nobrain....

q: What do you get hanging from orange trees?
a: Sore arms.

q: Did you hear about the guy whose toilet flushes with hot water?
a: He thinks he's real hot shit.

q: Which famous pop duo were the best at delivering cereal?
a: Haulin' Oates

q: What is a proctologist's drink of choice?
a: Two fingers of whiskey.

q: What's the paradox of 'lingerie'?
a: Done right, it doesn't linger.

q: Have you heard about corduroy pillowcases?
a: They're making head lines!

q: What did the car-painter say to the carpenter?
a: "You sound just like me!"

q: Why do women have legs?
a: Have you seen the mess snails make?

q: Did you hear the one about the guy who got his left side cut off?
a: He's all right now.

q: What do 50 cent hot dogs have in common with lumber?
a: Two buy four.

q: What's the hardest part about rollerskating?
a: Explaining to your dad that you're gay

q: What do you call a pothead that murders?
a: Stonedface killer.

q: How do you get a Kansas alumni off your porch?
a: pay him for the pizza.

q: What super hero league is Caitlyn Jenner part of?
a: The X-Men

q: Which web developer enjoys finding bugs?
a: A spider!

q: In a communist country, what does a woman say to a man before having sex?
a: I want you to seize my means of reproduction.

q: What do characters at Disney World and strippers have in common?
a: No touching!

q: What would I be if I were twice myself?
a: a meme.

q: What does a burnt pizza, a frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend have in common?
a: One dumbass who never pulls out in time

q: How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Zero.

q: Why is it so windy in Texas?
a: because New Mexico blows and Oklahoma sucks

q: What do you call a fish that can't sing?
a: An out-of-tuna!

q: What do you call stuffing an orifice with chilies?
a: Jalapenetration.

q: Did you hear about the new Die Hard where Willis Infiltrates a Corrupt Nunnery?
a: " "

q: Why did no one notice Thor's brother?
a: Because he was low-key

q: What's the difference between a neurotic, a psychotic and a psychotherapist?
a: Neurotic: the one who builds cloud-castles Psychotic: the one who lives in a cloud-castle Psychotherapist: the one who collects the rents

q: Girl, do you need an inhaler?
a: 'Cuz I heard you got that ass mah. 

q: Girl are you a dishwasher?
a: Because I would like to fill you with my dirty load in the evening, turn you on, and fall asleep before you finish

q: Why can the Devil never go back to Georgia?
a: He fiddled up a little kid.

q: How do you tell a crazy Jew that it's all in his head?
a: "It's psychosemitic"

q: Did you hear about the emo pizza?
a: He topped himself.

q: What do Caitlyn Jenner and my Chrysler have in common?
a: They're both convertables.

q: What's the worst part of having to break up with a Japanese girlfriend?
a: you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it

q: What prize did the dead body receive?
a: Atrophy

q: Do you think Hitler got his inspiration from Hansel and Gretel?
a: They did shove a long nosed witch into an oven.

q: What is a nurse in the maternity ward's favorite kind of food?
a: Delivery.

q: What's the difference between your mom and my mom?
a: Your mom still sucks my dad's dick 

q: What would you call a set of old school rapper emojis?
a: Em-OGs

q: What is a hemophiliac's least favorite song?
a: Don't stop ble-eding (The pause is necessary)

q: What's the difference between your mom and your dad?
a: Your dad still sucks dick.

q: You know what's white and crawls up your leg?
a: Uncle Ben's perverted rice.

q: Why do sailors drink so much?
a: We sleep better when the room is moving 

q: What do boobs and margaritas have in common?
a: One is not enough and three is to many

q: Why isn't there a college in the world of Harry Potter?
a: Because even Magic can't pay your college Loan

q: Q: What's a little quicker than a shark?
a: A: The Little Mermaid on her period.

q: What's your ringtone?
a: That's nice. Mine's a light shade of brown.

q: What do you call a small byte?
a: A nibble.

q: What did the sarcastic left hand say to the right hand?
a: "You always think you're right!"

q: Where do cats go to vacation?
a: Meowi

q: What do you call a redneck virgin?
a: A 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers

q: What does an impatient cow say?
a: Mooove the fuck out my way 

q: How do you defeat an American?
a: Don't do anything, just place a mirror in front of them and see as they squirm.

q: How do you put an elephant in the refrigerator?
a: Open the door. Put in the elephant.  Close the door. 

q: What does a flying rabbit has on his back?
a: An eagle

q: What does the Sargeant of the Knowledge division always tell his troops to get?
a: in formation

q: Why did the cow get a divorce?
a: Because she couldn't take her husbands bullshit.

q: Why is New Jersey called the Garden State?
a: Cause you're always guardin' your wallet, guardin' your car, and guardin' your house. 

q: Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
a: Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans!  

q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits your windshield?
a: It's ass

q: Why do fish always have c-sections?
a: Because they can't have land sections

q: How do you teach your dog to roll over ?
a: Put him on fire.

q: How do you call the current situation in Syria?
a: Very syrias

q: Why did the Ottoman empire collapse?
a: Once your stack of Ottomans gets to a certain height it will fall over.

q: Do you know why one side is longer than the other when birds fly in a "V" formation?
a: Because there are more birds on that side.

q: What falls faster from a tree, a leaf or an Emo?
a: The leaf, the Emo is too depressed to go outside. I saw this joke reposted so many times. I figured I'd mix it up a bit.

q: What do prostitute Equine wear?
a: They wear Whoreshoes 

q: What do you call a group of transsexual surfers?
a: The radical left.

q: What do you call a good looking Lebanese man?
a: Azif

q: What do you call a fashion designer, who is not yet sure about his new collection?
a: Tommy Hilfigeritout

q: What do You Call Someone Who Self Harms In The Antarctica?
a: An eskemo.....

q: What Do Bernie Sander Supporters Call Their Parents?
a: Roommates

q: What do you call a pretentious criminal going down a flight of stairs?
a: A condescending condescending

q: Want to hear a joke about time travel?
a: I'll tell you yesterday. 

q: What do you call little kids in Belgium?
a: Brusselsprouts 

q: If Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders were stuck on an island, who would survive?
a: America

q: How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just Juan.

q: Why is it possible for a door to be made out of kittens?
a: Because they are a-door-able.

q: Is it appropriate to force an adult to wear diapers?
a: Depends.

q: Did you hear about Brussels?
a: Looks like we'll be short on sprouts this year...

q: What do you get 18 years after fucking your sister?
a: A vote for Trump.

q: What do people say when they eat very tasty jam?
a: "Jaaaam,this is good"

q: What kind of car does Yoda drive?
a: A Toy-Yoda

q: Why is Joey Tribbiani a presenter on the new Top Gear?
a: It doesn't make sense, he and all his friends are always stuck in second gear

q: When is the earliest time of day Nintendo fans play games?
a: The Wii hours of the morning.

q: Why were the pirates on the ship fighting?
a: They needed better anchor management.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a woman?
a: Idk I'm voting trump

q: If you were stranded on a deserted island, what's one thing you'd bring with you?
a: A boat.

q: How is an easily-offended person like a broken GPS?
a: They always take things the wrong way.

q: Why did the picture go to jail?
a: Because it was framed

q: What's the difference in a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
a: I've never had a Garbanzo bean on my face before.

q: Hillary and Bernie are on a boat, it sinks... who survives?
a: America

q: Did you hear about the zygote that joined the army?
a: I heard he was diploid. (I'll show myself out...)

q: Where does Daredevil sign contracts?
a: On the dotted line. *Revised from an earlier attempt.

q: Why didn't Cinderella makes the Soccer Team?
a: She kept running away from the ball

q: What do motors and the Soviet Union have in common?
a: Commutators

q: What do a good joke and a child with cancer have in common?
a: They never get old.

q: Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?
a: TUH KEELLUHHH!!!

q: What's the name of the best brewer in the world?
a: Bock Goodale

q: What falls faster from a tree? A leaf or an emo?
a: The leaf, the rope stops the emo.

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping in Southampton?
a: Dont worry, he woke up 

q: Why don't blind people go skydiving?
a: It scares the shit out of the dogs.

q: If Caitlyn Jenner were a super hero, what team would she be on?
a: The Ex-Men.

q: What did the teenage boy who was jerking off in his room say when his mother called?
a: One second mom, I'm coming!

q: What do you call a drug addict who has been awake for 14 days straight?
a: A "two-weeker"

q: What is a sure way to get a girl at a bar?
a: Order a Cosbypolitan cocktail 

q: Why does the Little Mermaid wear seashells for a bra?
a: Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big!

q: What did the two gay sailors bring on their camping trip?
a: Their sextant!

q: What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket?
a: Oh shit, some arsehole has got my pen.

q: Why do gay men have good fashion sense?
a: Because of all the time they spent in the closet 

q: How do you know that ET is a Donald Trump supporter?
a: Because he looks like one.

q: What do designers of gum call new flavors from old ingredients?
a: ex-spearmints

q: Why does Bank of America not have a backspace on the ATM keypad?
a: Because America is never wrong.

q: What is the most independent kind of cheese?
a: Prov alone.

q: Whats the difference between normal barbie and divorced barbie?
a: The divorced barbie is $399 because it comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's furniture, etc.

q: Do you know how electricity works?
a: The truth may shock you.

q: What kind of fun do priests have?
a: Nun

q: What's the difference between r/circlejerk and r/The_Donald?
a: No really. What is it?

q: What do you call a terrorist from Paris?
a: A Paririst

q: What's the best reason to date a pornstar?
a: You never have to meet her father.

q: Why are sea sponges good at statistics?
a: They understand coralations!

q: Why did the siamese twins moved to England?
a: So the other one would also drive

q: How do blind people sign contracts?
a: On the dotted line.

q: How can your make 7 even?
a: Take away the "S"

q: Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?
a: Because he needed his space.

q: How do you reject a French girl?
a: Just say neaux. 

q: Why did the man become a baker?
a: He kneaded the dough.

q: What did the U.S. airdrop to the children of Afghanistan?
a: Bombs

q: What is the Pope's favorite breakfast?
a: Eggs Benediction.

q: Why did the porkchop scream for help?
a: I'd tell you the rest, but I don't want to spoil the meat of the joke.

q: Why did the milking stool only have three legs?
a: Because the cow has the udder

q: How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two, exactly. One to hold your penis and one to turn the lightbulb. I mean,  .  I meant, one to hold the ladder and the other to turn your mother. The lightbulb. You know what I meant.

q: Why were the strawberries sad?
a: Because their mother was in a jam!

q: Did you hear about the guy who broke 17 world records while sitting on a pastry?
a: He's on a roll!

q: Did you hear about the comedian who gave an old lady a defective piece of cooking equipment?
a: He's known for his deadpan delivery.

q: What did the Jew say when he evaded the Nazi officers?
a: Auschwitz! That was close!

q: Did you hear what happened to the latest edition of Mein Kampf?
a: They changed the title to 'The Art of the Deal'

q: We all know how women can fake orgasms, but do you know how a man does?
a: He moans, shakes, and spits on your back.

q: What are the strongest days?
a: Saturday and Sundays. The others are weakdays

q: Why did the hen win a Wild West duel between it and a Peacock?
a: Hen shot first.

q: How do you know when a firefighter passes away?
a: The remote falls out of his hand. 

q: Girl, are you my brake pads and rotors?
a: Because I'd like to grind on you until you groan loudly and I have to replace you.

q: What's the difference between a green lentil and a chickpea?
a: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a green lentil on my face.

q: What move does the karate kid practice the most?
a: He wax off everyday

q: Why is Dubya voting Republican this year?
a: So he'll only be the second worst president ever.

q: Why did Bernie Sanders's chicken restaurant throw out so much food?
a: He only sold left wings.

q: Why 4D was invented ?
a: Because yo mammas ass so fat it couldn't fit in 3D.

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and a computer?
a: You only have to punch the information into a computer once.

q: Why don't Germans compete in marathons?
a: They have a sad history of not finishing off races.

q: What do Ted Cruz and a tenage girl's bedroom have in common?
a:  Credit to 

q: Whats the closest a Mexican will ever be to happiness?
a: The border.

q: Why did the blind couple get divorced?
a: They couldn't see eye to eye

q: Why can a Cheetah not hide?
a: Because it's always spotted.

q: Why does Donald Trump hate pre shredded cheese?
a: He wants to make America grate again.

q: What was the hexadecimal 6 afraid of the Canadian hexadecimal 7?
a: Because 7 8 9 A

q: What do you call a fancy toilet?
a: A dapper crapper

q: What's more disgusting than a hickey on a haemorrhoid?
a: The girl who puts it there.

q: What did Helen Keller say when she put down the cheese grater?
a: That was the most violent book I've ever read.

q: What's the difference between sex every day, and a tire?
a: One is a good year, the other is a GREAT year

q: How did the Scot die?
a: He got kilt.

q: Where do comedian Eskimos live?
a: A Giggloo.

q: If an opinion is worth 2 cents, how many cents is an argument worth?
a: It really just depends on how much cents it makes. 

q: What is Yellow and Red?
a: That is   ultimate question.

q: Whats the difference between Hospitality and Business?
a: One will help you and the other will help you be an asshole

q: Why are there hardly any dental professionals in the South?
a: Because it takes more than 35 patients to make a full set of teeth.

q: Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a boat that is sinking, who survives?
a: America.

q: What happens when you pet a cat in the opposite direction?
a: You rub them the wrong way

q: What's the best way to get bubble gum out of your hair?
a: Cancer

q: Why is Michael Jackson not able to back into a parking space?
a: Because he is dead.

q: How do really crazy people get through the forest?
a: Via the psycho path.

q: What do you call a gay guy's kidney stones?
a: Fruity pebbles 

q: What does a robot do at the end of a one night stand?
a: He nuts and bolts.

q: Why was the milkman afraid on Christmas eve?
a: The ghost of Christmas Pasteurisation.

q: What do you call an owl escapologist?
a: The great Hootini

q: What do you call an Asian who's tolerable some of the time?
a: Occasionally (OK Asian Lee). 

q: What is the difference between a Muslim baby and a Christian baby?
a: Their parents.

q: What do you call a chicken coop with 4 doors?
a: A chicken sedan.

q: Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors?
a: If it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan

q: What is the most common blood type among pessimists?
a: B Negative.

q: What do you call a dream about soda?
a: a fanta sea

q: What do a walrus and a zip-lock bag have in common?
a: They're both looking for a tight seal. 

q: Did you hear about the people who were sick in June from eating bacon past its use by date?
a: It was mayhem.

q: Did you know Oxford university was founded before the Aztec Empire?
a: That explains the sacrifices my parents had to make to pay my tuition

q: Which unit describes the intensity of light in South Africa?
a: Nelson Candela

q: Did you know there is one colour that can time travel?
a: It can only go to the fuchsia.

q: What do you call someone who like massages but hates women?
a: A massagynist

q: How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb?
a: As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.

q: Q: What's the difference between a cello and a violin?
a: A: A cello burns longer.

q: How does Donald Trump rile up his constituency at a rally?
a: "Wall Mart workers of the world, unite!!"

q: Why aren't there any white jokes on /r/Jokes?
a: "Because jokes are the white man's burden."

q: What's a Christian's favourite guitar chord?
a: G-sus

q: What is the hardest part of a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What do you call a Mexican fighting a priest?
a: Alien vs. Predator

q: Wanna hear a dyslexic joke?
a: Knock there who's knock?

q: how do you organize a party in space?
a: you planet.

q: How can you tell that truckers like nuts?
a: They always have pecans! (Read aloud)

q: How do you jerk off a sprinter?
a: Pull a fast one.

q: What did one cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on him?
a: "Mitosis !"

q: Why is the Democratic electoral landscape like a Moebius strip?
a: Cause no matter what you do, there always seems to be a Clinton claiming to be "on your side" . . . 

q: Why did the midget cross the road?
a: Because he was getting chased by two assholes still drunk from St. Patrick's Day.

q: Knock knock, Who's there?
a: Not Oscar Pistorius.

q: What do skaters, kidnappers, and hipsters all have in common?
a: They all have white vans

q: What is Tumblr's least favourite show?
a: NCIS

q: What did the vegatable say to the fruit?
a: Turnip

q: What is the similarity between a weiner and a Rubik's Cube?
a: The more you twist them the harder they get.

q: Why would someone name a dog "pistachio"?
a: Because they're nuts

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Washington DC?
a: They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin

q: Why was it so easy to find the buried communist treasure after the Cold War?
a: Because X Marx the spot.

q: What has 4 wheels and flies?
a: A garbage truck

q: How did we build a tunnel to china?
a: A jew found a dollar in a hole.

q: What's the difference between Jesus & a picture of Jesus?
a: It only takes one nail to hang the picture.

q: What do you call someone with no legs?
a: 30 a week poorer.

q: Why was the policeman sent to talk to a bunch of crows?
a: Because someone said there was a "murder".  

q: Why did the young Mexican solve the problem so easily?
a: It was a no buena My girlfriend is Mexican so I love Mexican jokes. Let me know if you have one!

q: Why did the comedian say he preferred his hamburger on a croissant roll?
a: "Because," he said, "the bun is the lowest form of pastry."

q: What do you call a young plastic covered sheep?
a: Laminated 

q: What is the only alcoholic beverage Muslim extremists are permitted to drink?
a: Smirnoff ISIS

q: How do you kill a vegetarian vampire?
a: With a steak to the heart.

q: What do Godzilla and shrimp have in common?
a: They both crustaceans

q: What's the similarity of a dough and a human?
a: If they are thick, they have a hard time to rise

q: What did the man with five penises say when somebody asked how condoms fit?
a: Like a glove.

q: Whats the difference between an Irish wedding, and an Irish funeral?
a: There's one less drunk.

q: Infatuation prick is the answer, what is the question?
a: How do you want your wontons cooked?

q: What do you call the inhabitants of London?
a: Arabs

q: Why a centipede cannot fly coach?
a: Not enough leg room!

q: What's the opposite of marshmellow?
a: Well, I guess it would be marshmadness

q: I have orange skin, a lot of green and dislike mexicans. Who am I?
a: A orange tree.

q: When is it okay to punch a midget?
a: When he stands next to your girlfriend and says her hair smells nice.

q: What did Picard say when Riker asked him what kind of Chinese food he wanted?
a: "Make it Tso's Number One."

q: Why don't SJWs go to college?
a: Because you have to put Male or Female on the college application

q: What did Snoop say Dr. Dre while binge watching their favorite TV show?
a: Are you ready for the next episode?

q: What do you call a deer with a missing eye?
a: I have no fucking eye deer.

q: How do you starve a right wing christian?
a: Hide their money in their bible.

q: What's the difference between mlk day and st. Patrick's day?
a: Everyone WANTS to be irish on st Patrick's day.

q: What can stop supervirus from destroying humanity ?
a: Batvirus ( stolen joke xD )

q: How do you know the economy is only getting worse?
a: On the latest episode of "Celebrity Apprentice", Donald Trump fired himself! 

q: What do you get when you cross Game of Thrones with Cartoon Network?
a: Johnny Braavos

q: Why are suicide kits so hard to sell on Amazon?
a: They never have positive reviews.

q: What does 2 electrons say when the meet each other ?
a: Hey, watt's up ?

q: What's the difference between a dilapidated bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean! (My husband groaned loudly when I told him this one, so I knew it was pretty good.)

q: What do you call a pretzel that got his ass kicked?
a: A salted pretzel

q: How many teachers does it take to solve algebra?
a: None, that's what students are for.

q: Why did the man build his house out of a tree instead of bricks?
a: Because he thought it wood look better!

q: How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants?
a: Juan by Juan

q: How many acrobats does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to change it and one to yell "Ta-daa!" when he's done.

q: Man: How did you compromise with your wife?
a: Man: How did you compromise with your wife? Husband: She came to me on her feet. Man: and what she said? Husband: i was down to bad and she said come out, i will not say you anything...

q: Why does Harrison Ford run from Wesley Snipes?
a: Because he's the Blade Runner.

q: What's the difference between a dog and a cyclist?
a: When you run over a dog you don't have to go back and get the GoPro.

q: Why didn't the weightlifter like doing chest exercises with Coke cans?
a: Because it was soda pressing.

q: Whats the difference between a jew and a boyscout?
a: The boyscout comes home from camp

q: What are the chances of familiarising myself with a semiaquatic amphibian to the point of ownership?
a: My newt.

q: What was the last thing that went through Princess Diana's head?
a: The steering wheel.

q: How do deer get revenge?
a: By giving each other a taste of their own venison

q: What is a wolf's favourite dance move?
a: The Shuffle ... pack of wolves.

q: How do you confuse an irishman?
a: Lean 3 shovels against the wall and tell him to take his pick.

q: Did you hear about the farmer that failed dairy farming school?
a: He didn't work well with udders. 

q: Why did they produce a reality show about midgets?
a: Because they only wanted a little drama.

q: What time is it in Ireland when someone farts too much?
a: Two-forty (use an Irish accent)...  It's two-farty

q: How did Kurt Cobain die?
a: With a Cobang

q: Tasteless Irish joke: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
a: None.  Happy saint Patricks Day!

q: What do you call and Irish person who stays outside all night?
a: Paddy O'Furniture

q: Do you know where there are only 239 beans in and Irish bean stew?
a: Because if there was one more, it'd be too farty.

q: What do you call Pixar porn?
a: Fucked Up

q: Why do Irishmen grow mustaches?
a: So they look like their mothers

q: What's Edward Elric's favorite band?
a: My Alchemical Romance

q: Why do the Irish only put 239 beans in the pot?
a: Because one more would be "two-fahrty" 

q: What do you call it when an Irish band is caught lip syncing?
a: Sham rock. 

q: What's a redneck's favorite type of bread?
a: Inbred

q: What do you call a short sleeved British shirt?
a: A tea-shirt. Please don't hurt me. 

q: When is the best time to sail?
a: Schooner than later.

q: Did you know the USA is banning shredded cheese?
a: We are trying to make America grate again!

q: What's a mile long and has an asshole every two feet?
a: The St. Patrick's Day Parade.

q: What do you call a five year old with no friends?
a: A Sandy Hook survivor.

q: Why did God create Adam before Eve?
a: To give him a chance to say something. 

q: What do you get when you mix a leper and a con man?
a: A lepercon. (In honor of Saint Patrick's day.)

q: Have you met the two gay Irish men?
a: Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael

q: How many beans are in Irish Chili?
a: 239, because if there was 1 more it would be "Too Farty".

q: Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors?
a: Because if it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan

q: Where did the Irish guy get cancer?
a: In his prostatoe. 

q: Why couldn't the fireman put out the fire?
a: Because his hose was in a different area code. 

q: Why did they bury Rock Hudson ass up?
a: So his friends could stop by and crack open a cold one.

q: Q: What's the worst thing about eating out your grandmother?
a: A: Hitting your head on the lid of the coffin.

q: What do you call an Irishman with Leprosy?
a: A Leper-Chaun

q: How long does it take for George R.R. Martin to finish a Reddit post?
a: Answer coming Fall 2017.

q: What did the muslim man say when he arrived at his resort in Hawaii?
a: Aloha Snackbar!

q: Why are all black people fast?
a: Because all the slow ones are in jail.

q: Q: What is long, black and stinks?
a: A: The unemployment line

q: What do you get when you cross a blowjob with the Arctic?
a: The Oral-Borealis

q: Why didn't Michael J Fox order food at McDonalds?
a: He got the shakes instead. 

q: Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
a: Because she was a woman.

q: What did the cool dinosaur say to his mating partner?
a: Dino-mate!

q: What does a nosy chili pepper do?
a: Gets jalapeno business

q: Why did Helen Keller's dog run away?
a: You would too if your name was WARRGELBLAFFENGAR!!!!!

q: You know how drinks always mention "Please drink responsibly" ?
a: ... Well I want to start a beef jerky brand that mentions "Please jerk responsibly"

q: Why did the otter cross the road?
a: To say "hello from the otter side"

q: What do you call a Greek arsonist?
a: A 

q: What do you call a guy with two marijuanas?
a: Double jointed.

q: Have you heard of the new deodorant called umpire?
a: It's for foul balls!

q: What's the difference between pedophiles and acne?
a: Acne waits until you're 13.

q: What's the difference between a Bernie Sanders supporter and a fat stripper?
a: A fat stripper actually gets to the polls.

q: Why do mice have such small balls?
a: Because not very many of them can dance.

q: What do a WW2 German Soldier and an Animal Doctor have in common?
a: They're both Veteran-Arians (wah wah)

q: What device can make prostitution legal?
a: A camera.

q: What do you say when your girlfriend accuses you of being an ass man?
a: I'm anything but.

q: What do you call an emotionless Asian woman?
a: A rice queen!

q: Why can't a T-Rex clap?
a: Because they're all dead

q: Why are American options more expensive than European?
a: Because Americans value the freedom to exercise our rights. AMERICA, FUCK YEAH!!!

q: What do you call a movie about a low-magnitude Iron ion that skips school?
a: Ferrous Bueller's Day Off

q: Why does Jeb Bush drink RedBull?
a: Because he is low energy.

q: What did the Zen master say to the hot dog vendor?
a: "Make me one with everything." 

q: Why are gametes so popular?
a: Because sex sells!

q: What do you call a fight between two blacks?
a: Gorilla Warfare.

q: What's bruked, broke, and fucked all over?
a: The country!

q: Why do cows have hooves?
a: Because they lactose.

q: What do people call Miley Cyrus in Europe?
a: Kilometery Cyrus

q: Why was the Facebook post redundant?
a: Because I already reddit

q: Why has Hot Topic's sales revenue gone down?
a: Because the marketing department cuts itself.

q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton?
a: Bill has had sex in the White House.

q: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Are Sinking On A Cruise Ship, Who Survives?
a: America

q: What sea mammal controls Nazi Germany?
a: Adolf-in

q: what is green and always happy?
a: KIWIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!

q: What does Bernie Sanders say when he gets a haircut?
a: Remove only the top 1% please.

q: What kind of exercise did Jesus do?
a: Crossfit

q: What is black and screams?
a: Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

q: What do Trump and Sanders have in common?
a: They both have an equal chance of winning the Democratic nomination.

q: What do you call it when a person falls ill from watching too many BBC period dramas?
a: Downton Syndrome

q: What did one druid say to the other?
a: Bear with me...

q: Why do time machines make you happy?
a: They're an anti de-present.

q: Have you seen the new globe they're making?
a: It's revolutionary

q: What do Paul Walker and Nelson Mandela have in Common?
a: They`re both dead and black. 

q: What's the instrument of oppression?
a: the Trumpet

q: What symphony is a pedophiles favorite?
a: Mozarts' Flute in A minor

q: What do you call a fat female assassin?
a: A killer whale.

q: Why do pedophiles always get wines produced in the same year?
a: Because they like it under-aged.

q: What is the most common cause of blindness worldwide?
a: Love.

q: You know what gives me the shits?
a: The digestive system

q: Did you hear about the snail who used to be shipped around the world in wooden crates?
a: He was ex-cargo.

q: Whats the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.

q: Why did the blind guy crashed his car into another car?
a: Because he forgot to check his blind side.

q: Did you hear they're making an Indiana Jones 5?
a: How can they do that?! They haven't released a fourth!

q: How did the hipster narco escape from prison?
a: By going underground

q: What's the difference between a 4 year old boy and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.

q: What do you call it when you have a bad dream about having sex with someone you hate?
a: A 'fucking' nightmare.

q: Why are people afraid of Donald Trump?
a: Because he's run more buildings into the ground than Al-Qaeda.

q: what do you call a cow with no legs?
a: ground beef

q: What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a lawyer on a motorcycle?
a: The vacuum cleaner has the dirtbag on the inside.

q: What's an American's favourite day of the week?
a: Fryday.

q: What did the incestual burger say to his son who's leaving for college?
a: Meat again soon. Nice buns by the way (Lettuce keep that between us).

q: Why did Hitler visit the optometrist so much?
a: cause he could nazi

q: What does it sounds like when a Japanese Homer Simpson forgets how to count to 11?
a: "Nin, ten,  " ....I'll leave now.

q: What's the most important part about telling a joke?
a: Your PUN-unciation

q: What do you say when you get swindled by an Egyptian tour guide?
a: Egypt me!

q: What is Hillary Clintons favorite type of footwear?
a: flip-flops

q: What's the difference between Whose Line is it Anway and /r/jokes?
a: On Whose Line is it Anyway,   is made up.

q: But is that likely?
a: Whaaat __ You don't know Lee? Pleasant chap, though he doesn't fancy being compared to a butt.

q: How do you make an ugly kid?
a: Go ask your mother Courtesy of a hot dog vendor in Atlanta

q: What's Pingu's favourite band?
a: Slipnoot.

q: What's the NSA's favourite game?
a: I spy.

q: If a leaf and an emo fall from a tree, who hits the ground first?
a: The leaf. The rope stopped the emo.

q: Why are gay people so rude ?
a: Because they're fucking assholes ! 

q: What did Bea Arthur whisper in her lover's ear?
a: An elaborate fantasy in which she is in prison and tries to escape by chewing through the bars of her cell.

q: What is Spiderman's favourite brand of rice?
a: Uncle Ben's

q: husband and wife ?
a: A husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner. The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. "Och, I look like a pig!" The man nods, "And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!" hAHAHAHAHA

q: What do you call a cheating wife with a runny nose?
a: FULL!!

q: Who is the favourite communist leader of all the cats?
a: Mao

q: Why does the KKK wear all white?
a: Because they hate black, people!!!

q: What did the doctor say to the lizard who was complaining about problems performing in the bedroom?
a: It sounds like you have a reptile dysfunction.

q: Q: Why do Mormon women stop having babies at 35?
a: A: Because 36 would be too many.

q: What did Elton John call his tribute to Mother Teresa?
a: Sandals in the Bin

q: How do bees go to school?
a: They take the buzz

q: Whats up Cake?
a: Muffin 

q: What's the difference between sperm and lawyers?
a: Sperm have a 1 in 3,000,000 chance to become a human being.

q: What is a math teachers favorite dessert?
a: Pi(e)

q: How does cheese get more mature?
a: Fromage

q: What do you call a big pile of kittens?
a: A meowntain.

q: What do you call a group of blind German kids?
a: Not-sees

q: What do the "Damn, Daniel" kid and pedophiles have in common?
a: They're both back at it again with the white vans.

q: How does a crackhead lose weight?
a: Diet Coke.

q: Why was I arrested for only 1 year with a $5,000 fine after killing an unarmed African-American man?
a: On charges of "impersonating a police officer".

q: Why did my semen cross the road?
a: The condom broke

q: What did the buffalo say to his son who's leaving for college?
a: Bison.

q: Whats bigger than your balls?
a: The moon

q: What's a candidates favorite instrument?
a: Trump-et

q: What is a gay guy's favorite kind of yogurt?
a: The kind with the fruit on the bottom.

q: What does the lord say when the intern messes up?
a: God demi

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a vaccuum?
a: With a vaccuum, the dirtbag's on the inside!

q: What kind of suit does a lawyer like best?
a: The Spanish Inquisition.

q: What happens when you eat beans with onions?
a: Tear gas! (Written by my 9 yr old son)

q: What do you call 25 attorneys buried up their chin in cement?
a: Not enough cement 

q: How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
a: Depends on what tune the Devil happens to be playing. Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha.

q: If H2O is on the inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside?
a: K9P

q: What do you get when you cross a fag and a dairy farm?
a: A Dairy Queen

q: A leaf and an emo fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first?
a: The leaf. The rope stopped the emo. 

q: What did The Zodiac Killer say before killing his victims?
a: "You're Cruz'n for a bruising".

q: What did the sexual predator chicken say about the donkey?
a: I don't think it'll fit in that ass.

q: What happens if you violate Reddit's content policy?
a: [removed]

q: What's the hardest part about watching a video of somebody being beheaded?
a: My dick.

q: What is Donald Trumps favorite martial art?
a: Krav MAGA

q: What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
a: A religion drinks wine and a cult drinks Kool-Aid.

q: Why wasn't the cat moving?
a: It was on paws

q: Why are firetrucks red?
a: You see, firetrucks have 4 wheels,  can carry 8 men and 4+ 8 = 12. There are 12 inches in a ruler and Queen Elizabeth was a ruler. There was once a ship named Elizabeth that sailed the seas. Fish live in the seas and fish have fins. People from Finland are called Fins. Finland and Russia had a war a long time ago. Russia has red on its flag and that's why they're red. Cause they're always russian around.

q: Why are jokes about Jonestown so funny?
a: Because the punchline kills.

q: What do you mean pi r square?
a: Pies are round

q: Which animal only feasts during Islamic ceremonies?
a: A Mosqueato.

q: What happens when you violate Reddit's rules?
a: [removed]

q: What do Bernie Sanders and Santa Claus have in common?
a: They're old, promise you free shit and are red! 

q: What's the difference between a kinky guy and a pervert?
a: "The kinky guy uses the feather but the pervert uses the whole chicken" As told to me by the old guy who sat next to me on the plane

q: Have you watched the movie about polynomials?
a: I heard the   were great!

q: Why did Sally fall off of the swing set?
a: She had no arms. Knock Knock. Who's there? Not Sally

q: What has 60 feet and 5 teeth?
a: The front row of a Trump rally.

q: Why did the peasants hate the Potato King?
a: He was a dicktater.

q: Why should you hire a drag queen to help clean your garage?
a: They know how to tuck away junk.

q: Have you ever seen Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer in the same room?
a: Me neither.

q: What did the Pie say when he failed a math test?
a: "How did I get these simple questions wrong! I am so irrational!"

q: Why did the old lady stand in front of three rows of traffic?
a: Cause she was a cunt. (Courtesy of my little brother.)

q: What is the best basket ball team ever?
a: The tricera-hops

q: What does Wolverine and Caitlin Jenner have in common?
a: They're both X-Men.

q: What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a baby?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.

q: Why is math a scumbag?
a: Because it borrows the one and never gives it back.

q: If you're a Sanders supporter at a Trump rally, what protocols do you need to follow?
a: The Protocols of Zion, apparently.

q: Did you hear about the kid who was outstanding at school?
a: He came in when it started to rain.

q: What is a tick's favorite fruit?
a: Lime.

q: What do call an old man that asks questions?
a: Pop Quiz

q: Did you hear about the 2 guys who stole a calendar?
a: They got 6 months each.

q: Why did the writer not like his friends book?
a: It wasn't his type.

q: How does Avis feel to be #2?
a: It Hertz

q: How can you tell when a vampire is sick?
a: By his coffin!

q: What do you call a cute homeless girl?
a: Dust Bunny

q: Why didn't the doctor use Twitter to tell the patient that he had a deadly disease?
a: Because the condition was untweetable.

q: Whats the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: What do Monica Lewinsky and a soda machine have in common?
a: They both say insert Bill here

q: What kind of cheese gives out money?
a: Prova I just came up with that and feel pretty proud (:

q: How many Mexicans are needed to change a light bulb?
a: Juan.

q: you know what never gets old?
a: Children who died at a young age. 

q: What do you call someone who failed rehab?
a: Back on crack

q: Why couldn't Arnold Schwarzenegger run for president?
a: Because he doesn't do cardio.

q: Did you hear about the red luxury cruise liner that collided with the blue luxury cruise liner?
a: The passengers and crew were marooned.

q: What is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly?
a: Cops

q: Why doesn't Trump like Google?
a: Bing, bing, bing... (Source: The Daily Show, by Trevor Noah)

q: What's the difference between LSD and my dad?
a: LSD doesn't need to be drunk to hit me.

q: What's the Priest favorite breakfast?
a: Kids.

q: How do you play Taliban bingo?
a: B-52...F-16...B-1.. 

q: What do you call a veterinarian that can only work on one animal?
a: A doctor.

q: What is Bill Cosby's favorite ice cream flavor?
a: Rape.

q: What do Brooklyn and pantyhose have in common?
a: Flatbush. 

q: Why did Mike Dukakis lose the 1998 Presidential election?
a: He TANKED his campaign!

q: What do you call two colored folk riding a bicycle?
a: Organized crime!

q: What Hillary's word for a bribe?
a: Pay her and she'll speak to you about it.

q: Why do Mexicans never cross the border in groups of three?
a: Because the signs all say "No TRESpassing"

q: What is steam?
a: Its what you get when you put water on my mixtape

q: Should you make jokes about fizzy drinks?
a: No they'll just go to pop!

q: What's the best things about Anti-Jokes?
a: They have a large following!

q: What would be a more appropriate name for spiderman?
a: Peter parkour.

q: What's Canada's favorite board game?
a: Sorry

q: My favorite from a Laffy Taffy wrapper: What do you call a twitching cow?
a: Beef Jerky

q: What's the difference between a beggar and a US Politician?
a: A beggar has retained his integrity.

q: Why is Tumblr so unhealthy?
a: It's full of trans fats.

q: Why should't old people eat healthy?
a: They need all the preservatives they can get.

q: What's a barista in France's favorite workout?
a: A French press

q: Why can't pirates finish the alphabet?
a: because they get lost at C!

q: What's the best part of having a kid?
a: The chewy center.

q: What do you call a lesbian prostitute?
a: A rug hooker. 

q: Did you hear about the new skat porno?
a: it's full of shit

q: Why doesn't the man with an extra penis have any friends?
a: He's too cocky.

q: Why did hitler buy glasses?
a: He could NOT SEE.

q: What do Monica Lewinsky and NFL players both have in common?
a: It's their knees that go first.

q: What is the Italian postal motto?
a: We know where   live, your family too!

q: Why is the Pharaoh a rare tuba player?
a: Because he Toots Uncommon. 

q: What sort of meat do you feed a priest?
a: Nun

q: What did the urologist say to his patient who forgot to take his medication?
a: Urine trouble!

q: What do you call a Zen master from eastern Europe who's been bugging you all day?
a: A Buddha Pest. 

q: What did Sean Connery say to a couple of lobsters he saw take up an extra parking space?
a: "You're two shellfish."

q: If fire hydrants have H2O inside them, what do they have outside?
a: K9P

q: Why is Trump like a man with a tuber fetish?
a: He wants to put the Dick back in Tater. 

q: What would have happened if Alexander Fleming met Euler?
a: They would have discovered Penicil(e )

q: What does Bill Cosby do when he can't sleep at night?
a: He finishes her drink EDIT: Apparently this is Conan's joke, so all credit goes to him. I just heard it from a friend of mine and I had no idea.

q: How many words does it take to start a car?
a: Forwards

q: How many blacks does it take to screw in a light blulb?
a: Three Fifths

q: Did you hear about the shoemaker who went bankrupt?
a: He was inSOLEvent

q: What did the gardener yell when his vegetarian friend visited?
a: Run Berry, run!

q: Why do Italian men grow moustache's?
a: So they can look like their mother.

q: Can strawberry jam?
a: No, but lemon curd.

q: Where do strippers go on holiday ?
a: Poland

q: What do you call the accidental nuclear bombing of a furniture plant?
a: Chairnobyl.

q: What do you call a Woolworths that burnt down?
a: Coles.

q: How do you pick up a fat chick?
a: Piece of cake.

q: How do you make a cat bark?
a: Wrap it around a tree

q: How do mathematicians become engineers?
a: You just gotta apply yourself.

q: What kind of underwear does a person wear when buried?
a: Fruit of the tomb

q: How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, but only if the lightbulb really   to change.

q: Did you hear about the girl who went on a date with a cannibal?
a: I hear he ate her pussy.

q: What's the difference between 9/11 and a computer?
a: I give a shit when my computer crashes

q: What does Reddit and Dating have in common?
a: It wastes your time and you walk away with either tears or a slight chuckle.

q: How do u kill a blonde paraplegic with one arm hanging from a tree?
a: Wave

q: What would New Zealand be called if it had a fascist government?
a: Not Zealand.

q: Why was the girl with the Frozen balloon sad?
a: Because she...let it go!

q: How many A.D.D. kids does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Look a squirrel!

q: What's the difference between a woman and a computer?
a: A computer will accept a 3 1/2 inch floppy. 

q: What do you call a religious guy from Belgium?
a: Ned Flanders

q: What's the difference between Rick Grimes and Carl Grimes?
a: Rick Grimes has two I's....

q: Why was Cloud trying to cheer up Sky?
a: He looked a little blue

q: Why old people don't have sex?
a: Have you ever tried pulling a grilled cheese apart?

q: How do you greet a Rastafarian who's out of work?
a: jahbless

q: Why is my mom always right about everything?
a: Because she said so and that's final.

q: What's the difference between Paul Walker and Windows 10?
a: Paul Walker only crashed once.

q: Why did Hitler shoot himself?
a: He saw his gas bill!

q: Why did the rock star fail his depressing math exam?
a: He couldn't get the saddest fraction.

q: How many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only juan.

q: What is the Revenant about?
a: The unbearable lengths one man will go to get his revenge and win an Oscar.

q: What is the difference between a pitbull and a Golden Retriever?
a: A Golden Retriever can sing better.

q: What's a blind deer's favorite dance move?
a: A no-see-doe

q: Why does Michael Scott hate Hamlet?
a: Toby or not Toby

q: Where do cows go on movie night?
a: To the moooovie night.

q: What do you call an early bird special double date at a black-Vietnamese fusion restaurant?
a: Pho fo' fo' at fo'

q: How do you know an r/jokes mod is a cyberman?
a: [deleted]

q: Why should you never high-five a Roman?
a: They might give you Hi-V back!

q: Where does the pussy grow?
a: In the cunt-tree.

q: What's R. Kelly's favorite movie about singing?
a: Piss Perfect.

q: Where do South Africans buy their pastrami and salami?
a: At the Nelson Mandeli.

q: What's angry most of the time and wants you to stick something hard in it?
a: An outlet

q: Why do cannibals prefer to eat blind people?
a: Because with one sense gone they taste really good.  Sorry, that was wrong... they taste really well.

q: Have you read GANDOLF'S new book about GENDER identity?
a: It's great!  It's called "YOU SHALL NOT PASS"

q: What do you call a natural blonde who dies her hair?
a: Artificial intelligence.

q: Did you hear about the chickpeas who took a tumble?
a: It was falafel.

q: What do bees say to psych themselves up at the start of their day?
a: "Leeeeeetttttssss get rrrrrrrrrready to Buuuuuuummmmmmmmmmbbbbbbllllllleeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!"

q: What's the difference between someone who can mend your pants quick and a famous singer?
a: One of them is a swift tailor.

q: What do you call a learned spider?
a: A webdesigner

q: Have you tried african food?
a: -No. -They haven't tried it either.

q: What's common between a crying baby and a gun?
a: You must not bring either to the movies.

q: Why don't hipsters shoot heroin?
a: It's too mainstream

q: How many hippies does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Please help. There are ten so far and they have invited their gross friends to our home. They are using the broken lightbulb to smoke crack off of.

q: What do you get when you cross a sheep with a porcupine?
a: a sweater

q: Why did the tortoise get arrested?
a: Because he got there before the hare.

q: You know what my grandfather said right before he kicked the bucket?
a: "Hey,  watch how far I can kick this bucket!"

q: Why do they call it a Wonderbra?
a: Because you take it off and wonder where their tits went.

q: Why did the programmer quit his job?
a: Because he didn't get arrays.

q: What do you call someone who tops Darth Vader during sex?
a: An Invader.

q: Why couldn't Bach be a rapper?
a: Because he's Baroque.

q: What do call it when actor Charles Dance tries to flirt?
a: Dance moves.

q: What do you call a girl on her period?
a: Call her next week. 

q: What is black and doesn't work?
a: Decaffeinated coffee.

q: How do you cook toilet paper?
a: You brown it on one side

q: What did the pirate say when he spotted a stranded fat chick?
a: Land Ho!

q: You know that awesome feeling when you finally understand a word problem in math class?
a: Me neither.

q: Why do brothels support Hillary?
a: 'Cause #FeelTheBern would be bad for business.

q: (from my 8 year old) What do you call a Mexican chicken giving directions?
a: Arrows con Pollo

q: What type of bean results in premature death?
a: Sean Bean

q: What's a procrastinator's favorite movie?
a: Apocalypse Later

q: What's the difference between a golf ball and a woman's G-Spot?
a: A man will spend half an hour looking for a golf ball.

q: What can you find on neckbeard bread?
a: M'old.

q: why man thinks cows are stupid?
a: one day a farmer who can talk to animals walked up to a cow, he said to the cow"Give me your milk", but the cow did not answer he repeated multiple times but the cow still didn't answer finally he gave up and said"why am i talking to you cows are stupid." He siad and walked away and the cow kicked him and said"You ain't getting none of my milk" and laughed at the farmer, the farmer went to hide and cry.the next day he gave the cow to the butcher who the cow also kicked and laughed at.

q: What type of gun is used by a pig that is good with the ladies?
a: A smoothbore.

q: Why didn't the guitarist get laid?
a: Because he had bad pickups

q: What title do a sandwich and an occupation in the porn industry share?
a: The Fluffernutter.

q: What do you call a Mexican child molester?
a: A Pedrophile

q: Did you hear about the Lord Of The Rings and Taxi Driver fanatic who had a bit of a stutter?
a: He said to his friend, "Jay, R, R you Tolkein to me?"

q: Why did Sarah fall off the swings?
a: Because she had no arms!  . . . . . . . . Knock Knock Who's there? Not Sarah. 

q: Why does Leonardo DiCaprio love his fast car?
a: Because he got an award for revvin' it.

q: What's the difference between a lobster with big boobs and a dirty bus stop?
a: One's a busty crustacean and the others a crusty bus station.. 

q: What do Hillary supporters call their room mate?
a: Nurse.

q: What language does a flight attendant speak?
a: Plane English. 

q: Why did the farmer get an award?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field.

q: Why can't Abraham Lincoln be convicted for murder?
a: Because he's in a cent.

q: Do you know how many feminists it takes to change a light bulb?
a: One, you asshole.

q: What's the difference between an 8-ball and a baby?
a: Eric Clapton would never let an 8-ball fall out the window!

q: What's the difference between an spam and a personal attack?
a: They aren'tt tolerated on thsi subredit

q: What does dog poo and women have in common ?
a: The older they get the easier they are to pick up. 

q: Ever have one of those dreams where you're falling and you wake up when you hit the ground?
a: I had one of those, except I didn't wake up after I hit the ground.

q: What does an elderly composer use as a walking aide?
a: A Zimmer frame

q: What's a three letter word for Hell?
a: DMV.

q: Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke?
a: Because he finally got it

q: Which is the most powerful colour?
a: Super Cyan

q: How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment?
a: By dropping out now.

q: What do you call a weirdo slowly driving a jeep past an elementary school?
a: Jeeper creeper!

q: Did you hear about that new black hole?
a: It's near Uranus..

q: What do you call a graduated spider?
a: A Web Designer

q: How are dumb blondes like peanut butter?
a: They spread for the bread

q: What do you call a black person flying a plane?
a: A pilot, you racist piece of shit.

q: Why does coffee have such a bad reputation?
a: My wife and I had differing opinions on this. (One dad joke style and one completely non-pc) Looking forward to hearing from the masses. Edit: because apparently everyone wants the answer to the joke and nobody can think for themselves.  I said : "coffee gets a bad rep because it's black" She said : "it gets mud everywhere" Yes it's a bad joke. I'm sorry 

q: What did one sunbathing pig say to another?
a: I'm bacon.

q: What is E.T short for?
a: Because it has little legs. 

q: How does a mathematician solve constipation?
a: Pro biotics and a healthy amount of fiber.

q: What to you call a russian with 3 Bollocks?
a: Hudyaget Dat-Bollocov

q: Why is divorce so expensive?
a: Because it is worth it.. 

q: Why do people browse reddit on the toilet?
a: For shits n' giggles.

q: What is a good opening bridge bid for the Presidential Election?
a: One no-Trump. Literally a Dad joke. From my literal Dad.

q: Hey baby, did you fall from Heaven?
a: Because so did Satan.

q: What did a skinny person tell a fat person?
a: "You're likeable"

q: What do you call a guy who wears two condoms?
a: Justin Case

q: What stopped winter for coming?
a: Cuz Winterfell and it can't get up! :P

q: What's the best thing about blowjob?
a: A moment of silence...

q: Why do farts smell so bad?
a: So the deaf can enjoy them too.

q: What you call a responsible porn star?
a: Fistfully conservative!

q: Why does a cow have hooves but not feet?
a: Cause they lactose.

q: Are you dylsexic?
a: Probably.

q: What was Captain Picard's favorite kind of train?
a: N-Gauge.

q: What's the worst part about swim-up bars?
a: The watery stools

q: How does the author of harry potter descend a mountain?
a: On foot, how else?  JK Rowling

q: What do you call a happy prosecutor?
a: Smiles Edgeworth

q: What do you call transgender Hershey's chocolate?
a: Himshey's chocolate...

q: How did Al Gore invent the Internet?
a: With Al-Gore-rithims

q: What will Kayne West's political leaning be if he runs for President?
a: West wing

q: Do you know why Turkey couldn't see the solar eclipse?
a: It's been censored there.

q: What do near-sighted gynecologists and little puppies have in common?
a: A wet nose

q: Did you hear about the secret cure for everything that the government doesn't want us to know about?
a: Exactly...

q: Did you hear about the man who killed 47 donkeys?
a: I heard it was an assacre 

q: What's the difference between a garden hose and a the male prostate?
a: Well, there is a vas deferens. 

q: Did you hear about the guy that ran the erectile dysfunction support group?
a: He had to disband the group because he couldn't raise enough members.

q: How do you get Mexicans out of your house?
a: Juan by Jaun

q: How many Republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they're all screwed.

q: What is similar between gas and water?
a: Not much, but in Flint they are both regular and unleaded

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a Twinkie?
a: Twinkies can cause a national upset.

q: Why can't you insult Jewish people?
a: Because they've already been roasted. 

q: What is it called when foreign girls spread their legs?
a: I call it the British open. 

q: Why couldn't the pornstar join the navy?
a: There was too much seamen.

q: What did the terrorist's ghost say?
a: BOOM!

q: How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Find out next time on DRAGON BALL Z KAI!

q: How do you know princess diana had dandruff?
a: Because her head and shoulders were on the dashboard.

q: What does Peter Parker wish he would have went to school for?
a: Web design.

q: How do you get a Jewish girls number?
a: Look at her arm.

q: How can working with cow hide help on a first date?
a: As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck.

q: What has 2 legs and bleeds a lot?
a: Half a cat.

q: Where do you find a kid with no legs?
a: Right where you left him

q: I heard a funny dad joke the other day. What color is a boomerang that never comes back?
a: Black

q: You know the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
a: The hooker can wash their crack and sell it again

q: How do you seduce a fat woman?
a: PIece of cake.

q: Trump and Clinton fall off of a cliff at the exact same time. Who wins?
a: Society.

q: Whats the difference between Paul Walker and Tiger Woods?
a: Tiger Woods has a better driver.

q: What is the best way for a pet shop to get business?
a: Word of mouse.

q: What do you get when you throw a dead baby off a cliff?
a: A pleasant erection

q: Where did Cookie Monster develop PTSD?
a: Viet-nom nom nom nom nom.

q: What is the name of the charity organization that kills 90% of all of its "rescues"?
a: Make a Wish Foundation

q: Why can't Elvis Presley roll backwards with his car?
a: Because he is dead

q: What did the girl with no arms get for Christmas?
a: We don't know; she hasn't opened her presents yet.

q: What did the surgeon tell Michael Jackson before he changed his skin colour?
a: Everything's gonna be all white.

q: Why are elevator jokes so funny?
a: Because they work on so many levels

q: What happens to fitbit when a fatty wears it?
a: It becomes a bitfit

q: What's the difference between Politicians and Thieves?
a: Thief: They steal your money then run Politician: They run and then steal your money

q: Why did Hitler take suicide?
a: Because of the lethal gas bill.

q: What is the scariest part of a cavity search?
a: When they put both their hands on your shoulders but keep searching

q: What Will Come After Fuller House?
a: Fullest House. Then, Get Out of My House

q: What do you call a communist hip hop dancer?
a: Vladimir Lenin dab

q: What's an advantage of being Swiss?
a: The flag is a big plus.

q: Why are blacks so tall?
a: It's because their knee grows.

q: How do you get an Aussie to climb up on the roof?
a: Tell him drinks are on the house.

q: What did the Terminator say when he was invited to a music themed fancy dress party?
a: I'll be Bach.

q: Wanna know what makes me smile?
a: Face muscles.

q: What is a rapper's favorite Email?
a: Gmail

q: you know what makes a joke funny?
a: . . . . . . . .. . . . . good timing

q: Did you hear about the midget fortune-teller who escaped from jail?
a: There was a small medium at large!

q: How do you make a Chihauhau cross?
a: Leave it alone with a horny Beagle for 5 minutes.

q: Why is hockey a girls sport?
a: Because it has periods

q: What do you call a fat psychic ?
a: A four-chin teller.

q: What were the protestors outside Erin Andrew's court house shouting today?
a: White Nudes Matter!

q: Why did the man steal mushrooms from the store?
a: Because he had no  .

q: What do you call it when a dog craps on your rug?
a: Carpet bombing.

q: What did the cat say to the human after being hit with a baseball bat?
a: Nothing. Cats don't freaking talk.

q: How many donald trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one. He holds it up and the world revolves around him

q: What do Chick-O-Sticks and armadillos have in common?
a: Every time you see one, it's already been broken in half.

q: What sort of transport does a sheep use?
a: A ewe-nicycle

q: how many African Americans "by way of slave ships" does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: no less than 2. some one has to drive the pink cadilac

q: How many 9 year olds does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Over 20, as my basement is still dark.

q: What do a woman with a tiny butt and a mother donkey have in common?
a: They've both got a little ass

q: Why doesn't Jesus play hockey?
a: He's always nailed to the boards....

q: Why is Jeopardy the #1 show in the U.S.?
a: Because Michael Douglas starred in "Double Jeopardy" in 1999.

q: What are the five white things on a nigger?
a: His teeth, his eyes, his nails, his palms and...his owner!

q: What do you call a fat pirate?
a: A vast matey.

q: If animals took over the world, what would be they're first decree?
a: O'LAMACARE!!!!!

q: Don't you hate those people who are obsessed with tracking their steps?
a: Fucking pedophiles.

q: Why was Jesus not Mexican?
a: No matter how hard God looked, he could not find three wise men or a virgin anywhere in Mexico

q: Did you hear about the guy who kept fucking cheerios?
a: He was a cereal rapist

q: Why are blonde jokes so short?
a: So men can remember them!

q: Why can't't Donald Trump's staff satisfy his female customers?
a: He is short handed

q: Why did a hungry African man crossed the road?
a: To get the aids.

q: What do you call a burger made from 50% beef and 50% veal?
a: Half Calf

q: What did the Chinese man in an unhappy marriage say when he found out his wife faked her death?
a: "I never bereaved her anyways."

q: What drink did Hitler absolutely hate the taste of?
a: Juice.  

q: What did the RAM stick say to the politician?
a: I'm PC2!

q: What do you call the surgery when a woman gets a sex change?
a: Addadictomy

q: Why did Robert Oppenheimer's wife go to the beach naked?
a: There was no bikini atoll

q: What's the similarity between Madeline Mccann and a submarine?
a: They are both at the bottom of the ocean full of seamen.

q: Why was the Baker a part-time drug dealer?
a: Because he really kneaded the dough. (please forgive me for that awful pun)

q: If you could go back in time and kill any person for the good of the future, who would you kill?
a: Trump

q: What's the best part about getting head from an infant?
a: Watching the soft spot move.

q: Which program do Jedis use to open PDF files?
a: Adobe Wan Kenobi.

q: How does batman store energy?
a: In BATteries

q: Where does the pirate put his ear ring?
a: In his buccaneer.

q: Why doesn't Donald trump travel in ships anymore..?
a: Cause he doesn't like Cruz...

q: How do you tell the difference between a triathlete and biathlete?
a: A triathlete doesn't go both ways.

q: What does every clean nose have?
a: Fingerprints.

q: What is the difference between God and Donald Trump?
a: Donald Trump can make God great again. However, God has no such power!

q: What is the definition of irony?
a: Having a democratic debate in a city that was destroyed by over 50 years of democratic rule.

q: A soprano and a violinist fall off a cliff at the same time. Who does first?
a: Who dies first? No one cares. :/

q: What do you call a frog that's in the mood?
a: A HORNY TOAD!

q: Why was the 1 year old Ethiopian boy crying?
a: He was having a midlife crisis.

q: You know what people really do when no ones looking?
a: Your mum.

q: What did Ghandi say when he was in the toilet?
a: "I'm having a movement"

q: Why did Minotaur win an interior design award?
a: Because his home was a maze thing.

q: What's Brown & Rhymes With Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What do you call a snarky criminal going down a flight of stairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: What is the world's fastest land animal?
a: The Ethiopian chicken

q: What's the definition of innocence?
a: A nun working in a condom factory thinking she's making sleeping bags for mice.

q: What's the best part about going in without a condom?
a: The abortion.

q: What do you get when you cross a Jamaican with a ginger?
a: A gingerbreadmon.

q: You're a Jehova's Witness?
a: What was Jehova accused of?

q: Why did Bruce Jenner become invisible?
a: because he's a transparent.

q: What's the difference between Vincent van Gogh and Evander Holyfield?
a: Are you serious? I could give you a mouthful.

q: Difference between a three ring circus and a strip club?
a: One is a cunning array of stunts!

q: Why do some people like to date pessimists?
a: All that salt must make them thirsty.

q: What do you call a wandering caveman?
a: A Meanderthal.

q: Spanish class joke: What did the Spanish cannibals have for dinner?
a: JOHN CENA!! I'm sorry.

q: *Hey sugar tits, wanna dance?
a: -No. *But why? -Four reasons: -Number one you are drunk. -Number two this is a funeral. -Number three you don't dance the Ave Maria. -And number four I'm no sugar tits, I'm the priest.

q: What do you call it when a black person has diarrhea?
a: Nigeria

q: What do you call someone you want to be stepped on by?
a: A crush crush

q: In INTERSTELLAR, why does Tom's voice get higher when he's older?
a: Answer: thedust

q: What's in Pandora's box?
a: A fine case of herpes.

q: What is the most popular kids show in the Middle East?
a: Dora the EXPLODER

q: Why did the cowboy buy a Dachshund?
a: Because he wanted to get-a-long-little-doggy

q: If Hilary Clinton is elected president, what title will they give Bill?
a: First Lady's man (;

q: Why are pistachios called pistachios?
a: More like "these-are-hard-to-openios"

q: If Hillary Clinton and Donald Drumpf are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives?
a: America.

q: Why is Donald Trump a good candidate?
a: Because if he was bad he'd be a CANTdidate.

q: What do a $100 grill and a $100 girl have in common?
a: They will both ruin your meat. 

q: Ever have sex while camping?
a: It's intents

q: Have you heard about the man born with five cocks?
a: His pants fit him like a glove.

q: What is the Blood Alcohol Concentration that makes most people avoid main roads?
a: Backstreets BAC

q: What's the worst part about vaping?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: Did you hear about the epileptic Roman?
a:  He had a Caesar.

q: What does Harry Potter say when he wants a cigarette?
a: Tobaccio

q: What does Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have in common?
a: Jeffrey Epstein.

q: What do you call olive oil that is really outgoing?
a: Extroversion

q: Why are fish so educated?
a: Because a lot of them are in schools.

q: Why are they called Tuna Fish?
a: Because they don't swim in pairs. Are there two of those fish? Nahhh.

q: Wanna know why donald trump considers my penis a muslim?
a: Because i bomb the pussy

q: How do you know which pepper in the garden is the nosiest?
a: ... it's the one that's jalapeo business!!!

q: How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two, but they'd have to be really small.

q: What do you call a bodybuilder that can't sing?
a: Muscle tone deaf.

q: How can you tell if a fencer is a redditor?
a: By how often he ripostes.

q: If you set sail from Los Angeles, CA to Barrow, AK, what would your bering be?
a: Strait

q: What is a hipster russian roulette?
a: You got six cookies and five of them is gluten free.

q: What's the difference between a bull and an orchestra?
a: The bull has the horns in the front and the asshole in the back.

q: What's great about Trumps' little hands?
a: Objects may appear larger when being held.

q: What was Han Solo's reaction to being taken to the carbon-freezing chamber?
a: He was petrified.

q: How many chauvinistic male pigs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, let the bitch cook in the dark.

q: How many feminists does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: One to screw it in and nine to write on their blogs about how enlightening the experiment was.

q: Did you read about the skeleton trapped in the freezer?
a: It was a bone-chilling story. 

q: How's the oil industry doing these days?
a: It's in the tank.

q: What did Ava Braun say to Adolf Hitler?
a: I love you so much, my head could explode!

q: Why is it a bad idea to date a girl from the leper colony ?
a: Whenever they get upset, they cry their eyes out. 

q: What did the fancy cat say when he wanted to leave?
a: Le meow

q: What happened to the Asian guy who walked into a wall with a boner?
a: He broke his nose.

q: Hey baby do you build portable wienerschnitzels?
a: Because you make my hotdog stand

q: What do you call an acid trip so hard that it gives you visions of the future?
a: Psychic-delic.

q: Who took my username?
a: When I find you, well, you'll be sorry!

q: What do male lawyers call a female barrister?
a: A barista. Because they're only good for making coffee. 

q: How long is a Chinaman?
a: How long IS a chinaman

q: How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport from millions illegal immigrants?
a: By conducting a   meeting with every Juan of them.

q: What did the colours red and violet say to one another when they couldn't agree in their debate?
a: I guess we're just on different ends of the spectrum.

q: What do you call a really pompous person with high blood pressure?
a: Hyperpretentious

q: What does "Maginot" mean?
a: Welcome

q: How do skeletons reproduce?
a: They don't.

q: What do an Iraqi baby, an American president, and a homesick Brit visiting Jerusalem all want?
a: They all want either pees, peace or peas in the middle east. 

q: What's a pirate's favorite video game?
a:    Because there's mighty phat loot and booty ta be pillagin' and plunderin', matey.

q: Why did the liberal go to the gynecologist?
a: She was feelin' the Bern!

q: How many white people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: All of them. One to hold the bulb and the rest to screw the world.

q: What did Yoda say when he watched Star Wars on Blu-Ray?
a: HDMI

q: Where do idiots go on holiday?
a: Twitzerland.

q: What's the difference between a 4WD and a rental car?
a: A rental car can drive anywhere.

q: What do you get when you cross a vegetable with a pronoun?
a: Beets me.

q: What did one volcano call the other volcano?
a: An Ash-hole.

q: What's the difference between feminism and a $100 bill?
a: A $100 bill makes change

q: What's Bill Clintons favorite holiday?
a: According to Lewinsky... Happy Employee Appreciation Day!

q: What did the manager say to his new Chinese intern?
a: How, are you?

q: Where did the kid with adhd go?
a: Aushwitz

q: Did you guys hear about Freddie Mercury's bedroom furniture store?
a: Nothing Really Mattress. They only sell queen size. 

q: What happens if Trump wins the Presidency?
a: Orange is the new Black

q: What does gay Fred Flinstone say when he's excited?
a: Yaba-daba-doooo me in the butt (Sorry this is god awful)

q: What does a leper say to a prostitute?
a: Just leave it...ill be back tomorrow.

q: Where does the USB key come from?
a: Uzbekistan!

q: What do skinny jeans and cheap hotels have in common?
a: No  room

q: What does having kids bring you that money simply can't buy?
a: Poverty

q: What's Ted Cruz's favorite food?
a: Boogers.  This isn't a joke. Ted Cruz eats his boogers. 

q: What's so ironic about disabled toilets?
a: They're big enough to run around in.

q: What does Trump have to do to win the election?
a: Show off his erection.

q: What do Mexican people call really upbeat TV shows?
a: CCTV

q: What do you call it when you can't decide between a natural birth and the hospital?
a: A midwife crisis.

q: What happens when clowns get divorced?
a: They end up in a custardy battle.

q: What's a mobster porn actress called?
a: Sunny Corleone!

q: Why should you never date a tennis player?
a: Because love means nothing to them.

q: What is the difference between Hitler and a car?
a: A car can finish a race

q: What do you call a computer that can sing?
a: A dell

q: What is Hitler's favorite drink?
a: concentrated jews

q: What do you call Trump and Hillary buried up to their necks in sand?
a: Progress

q: You know what grinds my gears?
a: When I'm low on transmission fluid.

q: Why was John Lennon so ashy?
a: Because he was cremated

q: I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?
a: You have perfect eyesight.

q: Whats a sugar free drink's favorite abbreviation?
a: 0mg

q: What's worse than finding a worm on your apple?
a: The Holocaust

q: What do you call 6.9?
a: Yet another great time interrupted by a period.

q: How can Donald Trump deport millions of illegal immigrants?
a: By completely ignoring, these are only campaign promises.

q: Why did the /r/jokes subscriber cross the road?
a: To shitpost "DAE hate Trump and Hillary?"

q: Why did the elephant bring toilet paper to the party?
a: He's a party pooper!

q: What do you call a gangster who is really in touch with his emotions?
a: An emo-g 

q: Does anyone know how much a blimp is worth?
a: I was going to google it, but I was worried it wouldn't account for inflation.

q: Do you know what would make this sub better?
a: No more 

q: What do you call it when Superman craps his pants?
a: Undy-terd.

q: What is worse than a carrot that smells like a snow women?
a: One that smells like a snow man.

q: What do you call a snobby criminal going downstairs?
a: A condescending con descending

q: If Hillary debates Trump for 24 hours, what won't you hear?
a: A word of truth.

q: Why would an upright vacuum cleaner with no wheels make a better President than Hillary Clinton?
a: Well, they both suck and have trouble moving forward, but at least the vacuum has a handle on it.

q: Why couldn't the Indian baker find another job in his city after he quit his job?
a: He signed a naan-compete.

q: What did the tranny say to their surgeon ?
a: Keep the change

q: What is the definition of suspicion?
a: A nun doing squats in a cucumber field. 

q: Are we sure Trump isn't a Democrat...?
a: I mean, he IS quite the ass..

q: What's Hillary Clinton's favorite musical?
a: Bye Bye Bernie!

q: What's the Russian word for water?
a: Vodka

q: Did you know that West Virginia's state sport is sex?
a: It's a game the whole family can enjoy!

q: What do Little Miss Muffet and ISIS have in common?
a: They both have Kurds in their way.

q: Do you know the between a garbanzo and a chick pea?
a: I've never had a garbanzo on my chest

q: If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives?
a: America.

q: What do you call a group of Jewish redheads?
a: Orange Jews

q: Why was the pun so offensive?
a: It was homophonic.

q: What did the policeman say to the jumper?
a: Pullover

q: What is the only way to stop Donald Trump?
a: A Cruz missile. 

q: What is DJ Khaled's favorite number?
a: 11 Because it has another 1

q: DJ Khaled is a priest in mexico. What does he say at baptism?
a: Another Juan

q: What's the difference between a Toronto Maple Leafs fan and a 14-year old girl?
a: Nothing. They are both just waiting for the first period to be over.

q: What do you call one billion facebook users piled on top of each other?
a: suckerberg

q: How do you call a 100 m race between siamese twins?
a: Head to head race 

q: How did Vladimir Lenin originally get into power?
a: "This isn't just a campaign, this is a political  "

q: Who's killed more natives than General Custer?
a: Jack Daniels 

q: Why didn't Donald Trump want to play Marco Polo?
a: He was at Rubio's house and was worried he'd get Cruzed.

q: What weighs 2 lbs and is full of shit?
a: Donald Trump's shoes

q: What does someone have when he can tell you how many guys are in a crowd?
a: Acumen.

q: Why doesn't Japan have elections?
a: I dunno but it's probably the reason for their low birth rates.

q: Why don't elephants smoke?
a: They can't fit their butts in the ashtray

q: Ever hear about the box that was coming down with something?
a: It was coffin

q: What do you call a hydrocarbon that tells fart jokes?
a: Crude Oil.

q: What disorder will Spiderman get as he ages?
a: Peter Parkinsons

q: What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend?
a: "Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?"

q: What did the Pirate say when he turned 80?
a: Aye Matey!

q: What did the leper tell the prostitute?
a: You can keep the tip

q: What do you call it when someone gets hit by a bus on his way to pay off his student loans?
a: Crippling debt! It's funny because he can't walk anymore!

q: Osama Bin Laden, Josef Stalin and Hitler are robbing a bank, who do the cops shoot first?
a: A black guy

q: What do you call souvenirs from the last battle of the Napoleonic wars?
a: Wat-heirlooms.

q: What do you call a Japanese suicide bomber?
a: Wasabi 

q: Why couldn't the scientist find salt for his breakfast?
a: Because it was Na HA! Get it? Because Na=sodium and N/A=not available. Seriously, this is good clean fun. 

q: Why Eiffel Tower is so high?
a: So the white flag can be visible from Berlin. Sorry :P .

q: Where did Donald Trump go for dinner last night?
a: Rubio Tuesdays

q: What do whales do on dates?
a: Netflix and Krill

q: What's the tallest building in your city?
a: The library, because it has the most stories. 

q: Why did the DJ have such small hands?
a: Wee paws for station identification.

q: How did Hitler originally get into power?
a: "Let's make Germany great again"

q: What do you call a dinosaur that hates punchlines?
a: MY LEGS! OH GOD, HE'S EATING MY LEGS! AAAAARGGHH!

q: What were the last words of king Laius?
a: "Mother fucker."

q: Why cant a bike stand on its own?
a: It's two tired.

q: Honest question - what's with the reposted jokes?
a: Anybody who creates an account to post has to be lurking long enough to see the same jokes posted before. How come so many jokes are repeated? Is that a running inside joke itself?

q: Student: Can I go to the bathroom?
a: Teacher: I don't know can you? Student: Well, let's check... 

q: Why can't dwarfs sing?
a: Because they can't reach the high notes. Bonus: how does dwarves communicate?  Smalltalk. 

q: What's the best part about sex with a transvestite?
a: Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through. 

q: Did you hear about the water thief-turned-photographer?
a: Apparently he was a great pitcher-taker. (Credit goes to my husband.)

q: What was Hitlers favorite letter?
a: Well I can tell you its Not C... and Not Z for sure Just thought of this lol (the not C part)   .... thought of not z...

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a pizza joke?
a: You can't top a good pizza joke.

q: What's blue and smells like red paint?
a: Blue paint.

q: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton run for president. Who loses?
a: America.

q: What's Kayne West's least favorite letter?
a: Dear Sir/Ma'am We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons:

q: What's one advantage of electing a woman president of the United States?
a: We wouldn't have to pay her as much.

q: How does Donald Drumpf change a lightbulb?
a: He doesn't. He hires people with long fingers to do it for him.

q: Did you hear about the insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic man?
a: He lies awake all night wondering if there's a Dog.

q: What drug did the mathematician do?
a: Math Salts.

q: Why do gypsies suck at basketball?
a: They always travel and their stealing attempts end up failing.

q: What mathematical operation is used to calculate the rate at which lumberjacks cut wood?
a: Logger-rhythms.

q: Poe, is your baby hungry?
a: Poe: Nah, BB-8.

q: What do you call all Republicans that aren't racist, sexist or homophobic?
a: Nancy from New York.

q: Why did the bachelors purchase double amputee strippers for their party?
a: Because they were 50% off!

q: Why couldn't the infant insect without toes drink milk?
a: He was lack toes and toddler ant

q: How does Ice-Cube drink his milk?
a: Straight Outta Carton.

q: What keyboard shortcut do the elderly have the most trouble with?
a: Ctrl+P

q: What do you find inside a clean nose?
a: Fingerprints

q: Want a slutty costume?
a: Dress up like my professors, they barely cover anything important. 

q: How is Trump vs. Clinton like Godzilla vs. Mothra?
a: No matter who wins, the city will be destroyed.

q: Do you know what they say about the guy that invented life savers?
a: He sure made a mint.

q: Why does Tom Cruise like Scientology?
a: It's given him a great cult following 

q: Know what stops the Bern?
a: Preparation H!

q: How Many Jews Does It Take To Open A Door?
a: Obviously more than 6 million...

q: What game do French schoolchildren like to play?
a: Simon 16

q: What happens when redditors die?
a: RIP in box

q: Why is Donald Trump still running for president?
a: It's the only race that he hasn't offended yet.

q: How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb ?
a: 1 or 2 ? 1... or 2...

q: What do you call a Cult that is hard to get into?
a: Difficult

q: What did the Chinese guy think about assisted suicide?
a: He was worried about the euthanasia...

q: What do you call a jerk in the space program?
a: Nasshole.

q: What is the similarity between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
a: Someone is loosing a trailer.

q: Why did Bowie die?
a: I guess he was shot through the heart

q: How does one think the unthinkable?
a: With an iethberg.

q: What's a spice with explosive flavor?
a: MICHAEL BAY LEAF

q: Why do women have shorter feet?
a: So they can stand closer to the kitchen counter.

q: What do you eat when you cross a cannibal and a vegan?
a: vegetables.

q: What do you call someone that goes down on both genders?
a: Bilingual.

q: What do you call a German barber?
a: Herr Kutz (This was funnier when I was half asleep this morning)

q: How can you ask a Mexican if their zodiac sign is leo?
a: Julio

q: What's the difference between Superman and Super Delegate?
a: The first one saves people from criminals, while the latter saves criminals from the people.

q: Why is Edward still in Russia?
a: He's Snowden. 

q: Husband: Honey why are there broken condoms on the couch?
a: Wife: Would you please call our children by their real names.

q: Did you hear about the pessimist who hates sausage?
a: They say he fears the wurst

q: what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
a: I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: What Do You Call A Mexican From The Caribbean?
a: A Carabiner

q: What is very big, gray, and just doesn't matter?
a: An irrelephant.

q: Do you know why Morgan Freeman's name is Morgan Freeman?
a: Because his first name is Morgan and his last name is Freeman

q: What do you call a boner you don't want?
a: A groaner.

q: What looks like red paint but is dry?
a: Dried red paint

q: What do vegetarians masturbate to?
a: Quornography.

q: How did realism get me banned from Facebook?
a: I sided with cancer on the "Kids VS Cancer" page.

q: How do you tell a Communist joke?
a: Repeatedly.

q: What do you call it when a Spanish man goes to court for custody of his children?
a: Fight for your right to padre

q: What do you call a polygon on viagra?
a: An Erectangle

q: Why can't Buddhists vacuum in corners?
a: Because they don't have attachments!

q: How much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood?
a: None because only beavers give a dam.

q: Why couldn't the potato get off the couch?
a: Because it was baked. 

q: What goes faster from 100 to 0, an asteroid hitting the Earth or this thread's upvote %?
a: Berni Sanders seems to have been like a bad gift: it's the thought that counts.  80% voted against him in SC, he will be destroyed tomorrow, and estimates show he won't even get half of the delegates Hillary will. Furthermore, even if he were to magically win, the House, Senate and Supreme Court would block his most drastic ideas, making it them simply "food for thought" but not actual thoughts for implementation. Thank you very much.

q: How is my guitar skill?
a: Boyfriend: How is my guitar skill? Girlfriend: You should be on TV for your talent. Boyfriend: Am I so good? Girlfriend: If you were on TV, I can at least switch it off. Mystic Castle will come sooncome to play and explore!

q: Do you know the problem with ordering duck?
a: It always comes with the bill.

q: What do you call a zombie musician?
a: A decomposer.

q: What do you call the statistics for the total amount of waste produced by the US this year?
a: Gross

q: What do you call a sad state?
a: Missouri 

q: Why do people prefer shooting stars to vegetables?
a: Because they're meteor

q: Why Does Donald Trump Oppose Single Payer?
a: Because he is a Touper

q: What do you call an arithmetic major who murders moms to pay off his student loans?
a: A demominator.  What do you call his fellow classmate who gets rid of the bodies? A mathmortician. Credit goes to my sister who came up with these today.

q: What is the biggest gender on Tumblr?
a: Whale-Kin

q: What kind of bear is best?
a: One that gets you an oscar

q: Which is the month in which women talk the least?
a: February... because it has the least number of days

q: Why did Germans in Nazi Germany say "Heil Hitler"?
a: Because they were secretly saying "Heil Wichser!"

q: What did the mama frog say to the baby frog when they left for a party?
a: "You better amphi-BE-ON your best behavior."

q: Why is Antarctica controversial?
a: It's a polarizing topic.

q: Why are thieves the best actors?
a: Because they always steal the show.

q: Why do the Japanese have squinty eyes?
a: Becuase atomic bombs are bright.

q: What is a soup-lover's favorite sport?
a: Bowling

q: Where do African cannibals get their food from?
a: Blackpeoplemeat.com

q: Why did the Greenlander get so angry when he didn't win the lottery?
a: Because he was inuit to win it

q: How can you tell if a carpenter is happy?
a: Check his spirit level. 

q: Did you guy's hear about that peanut in Baltimore?
a: He was assaulted.

q: Whats the difference between illegal and unlawful?
a: One is against the law and the other is a sick bird

q: What does Jeb Bush have in common with a threesome?
a: A lot of people think three bushes is one bush too many.

q: Why did Leonardo Di Caprio laugh at the Oscar joke?
a: He finally got it!

q: Why is Donald Trump like a Gibbering Mouther from DnD?
a: Both are all mouth and no balls.

q: What do you call a fish that performs brain surgeries?
a: A neurosturgeon 

q: Why did Leonardo Take forever to laugh at my Oscars joke?
a: Cause he just got it!

q: How many Seths does it take to rejigger a malflanse?
a: Less than a Birdie Bundle, I assure you!

q: How do you make a lemon orgasm?
a: You rub its cituris.

q: How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two, but you have to get them in there first.

q: How do you know the toothbrush was made in France?
a: Anywhere else it would've been the "teethbrush"

q: How do you make an archaeologist blush?
a: Give them a dirty tampon and ask them what period is this from.

q: Who ships Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio the most?
a: Not Titanic

q: I've only heard the setup for this joke, anybody know the rest?
a: A Jew and a Pollock are in a rainstorm... That's all I know and I've been dying to find out the rest. Anybody have any ideas?

q: What rating do pirate movies always get?
a: PG-13

q: How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None! The room's been dark ever since Jos got deported!

q: What do is the difference between acne and a pedophile?
a: Acne doesn't come on your face until you're twelve

q: What do you call a building that falls in love with its architect?
a: Edifice Rex

q: What did man create that inevitably destroyed man itself?
a: Reddit

q: What do a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common?
a: They both barely cover an asshole. 

q: What's the difference between Pizza and Jews during the Holocaust?
a: Pizza doesn't scream when it goes into the oven.

q: What did the Mexican fire chief name his two sons?
a: Jose and Hose "B."

q: What is Anon's favorite coding language?
a: Fortran

q: Can a woman make a man a millionaire?
a: Yeah, if he's a billionaire to begin with..

q: Why will Donald Trump never have an amputation?
a: Because you can't stump the Trump.

q: What kind of girl gets away with being five years old and having sex with 20 guys?
a: A woman born on February 29th 1996.

q: What do you call a homosexual on rollerskates?
a: Rolaids!

q: What is a Jewish person's favorite job?
a: A lox-smith

q: Why is your optometrist gay?
a: They love people who can't see straight!

q: What do you say to piss off a british farmer?
a: You're a peon.

q: How do you describe Neapolitan ice cream to someone?
a: Your two favorite flavors plus strawberry

q: Why do Jamaican philosophers shit together?
a: Because they discuss tings.

q: What do Monica Lewinsky and a vending machine have in common?
a: Both say Please insert Bill.

q: Whats a tacticians favorite cut of meat?
a: Flank

q: Why does Hillary Clinton not give good blowjobs?
a: Because her teeth are too fake and big

q: How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Only one, but the light bulb should be willing to change.

q: What's Super Mario's favorite type of jeans?
a: Denim Denim Denim

q: What should you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle?
a: Wipe it off.

q: When's the best time to come out of the closet?
a: When the coast is queer.

q: What does Donald Trump say after sex?
a: I'm 

q: What do you call a pan-sexual man named Nick who works at a CD store?
a: Pan Nick at the Disc Co.

q: What do you call a black jew?
a: Overcooked

q: When does Hillary Clinton have sex with Bill?
a: maybe never but Bernie sanders lost big time in the primary today. 

q: What do they say for jokes about German sausages?
a: They are the wurst.

q: Why rivers are never viewed on dvd or video cassette?
a: Because they are always streaming.

q: Do you know the most popular place in town?
a: The cemetery; people are just dying to get in

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman?
a: Zero.

q: How do you ask an Uber driver if he drives for Lyft, too?
a: Do you even Lyft bro? (I'll see myself out)

q: What's your number?
a: A jewish girl and a man walks into a bar. They hit it off and the man asks for the girls number. She lifts her sleeve.

q: Where did the Grim Reaper find his missing keys?
a: On Death's drawer. 

q: When the animal kingdom had a poker party who didn't they invite?
a: The Cheetahs!

q: Did you guys hear about the movie called Constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: What do you call racist jokes that are made about black people?
a: Dark humor

q: How do you know when it's NotTheOnion?
a: When they're still running pieces on Hillary Clinton.

q: How do you know your roommate is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: Why does Bernie Sanders write in lowercase letters?
a: Because he hates capitalism.

q: What happened to the the Pentagon after the plane crash in 9/11?
a: It turned into a hexagon.

q: What's the difference between an accident and a catastrophe?
a: It's an accident if a boat full of refugees starts to take in water.  A catastrophe is if they know how to swim

q: What's it called when you're using Tinder on the toilet?
a: Swiping and wiping.

q: What does a priest and a christmas tree have in common?
a: The balls are for decoration!!! :) <3 Source:

q: What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
a: ....Dr Dre.

q: What do you call the space between a Mormon's butthole and balls?
a: a Latter-day taint!

q: What does a fedora guy say on the Singapore border?
a: M'lasia

q: Did you hear about the Mexican painter who lost two fingers?
a: After the incident, he could only tres.

q: Who get's the best grades?
a: A-sians

q: What's the name of Tyler The Creator's dad?
a: The Tyler Creator

q: Why did the blonde freeze a pot of boiling water?
a: Because you never know when you're going to need some boiling water.

q: What did the human torch say before he cooked the beef?
a:  

q: Why aren't there any British Communists?
a: Because communists believe all proper tea is theft.

q: What was the most popular TV show in Ancient Rome and Germany in early AD?
a: Whose Rhine Is It Anyway?

q: What was Snoop Dogg's ghost arrested for?
a: Possesion.

q: How do you say the name Ray in Jamaican?
a: Raymond

q: What bait do you use to catch a space fish?
a: A worm hole

q: What's Spider-Mans favorite online music app?
a: Spotafly.

q: How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children?
a: You put a guitar in his hands.

q: What's a transgender's fabourite pokemon?
a: Unknown

q: Knock knock. Who's there?
a: The Spanish Inquisition.

q: Did you hear about the guy who had his whole left side cut off?
a: He's all right now.

q: Why are there no white chinese people?
a: It's because two Wongs don't make a white.

q: Why can not Stevie Wonder read?
a: Because he's black.

q: What's the saddest sea-creature?
a: abalonely

q: What's hard, long and has cum in it?
a: A Cucumber...

q: What do fish talk about at work?
a: Current events

q: What does Ryan Seacrest say while having sex?
a: "Seacrest out!" "Seacrest in!" "Seacrest out!" "Seacrest in!"

q: What kind of doctors do elephants become?
a: Pachydermatologists

q: Why didn't Hellen Keller learn to lip-read?
a: The braille left her lips numb.

q: What's the difference between premature ejaculation and hide-and-seek?
a: Coming...ready or not.

q: What do you call a badly cooked beef?
a: A misteak.

q: What do "Damn Daniel" and pedophiles have in common?
a: They both have white vans

q: Didn't Snoop Dogg change his name?
a: Or was Snoop Lyin'? Edit: Just in case the king sees this, I got mad respect for you Dogg. Smoke weed everyday.  (His grandmother passed away recently, I'm just trying to be nice people.)

q: Why did Chris Christie endorse Donald Trump?
a: Christie wants the highest cabinet position possible because he knows - the higher cabinet is where they keep all the cookies!

q: What do you call a fire pokemon mixed with Donald Trump ?
a: A Charitard.

q: What's the worst kind of media?
a: chlamydia

q: What foods are still good the second or third time you've eaten them?
a: I'm looking for food for my human centipede...

q: Where's the school for the blind?
a: ... It's hard to see.

q: What do punctuation marks win in competitions?
a: Apos-trophies

q: Have you heard about Bruce Willis' new movie in which he has to infiltrate a Nunnery?
a: "Bad Habits Die Hard."

q: What is more inappropriate than a 7 year old saying "I drink coffee"?
a: Her saying "I drink it black, like my men"

q: How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall?
a: Depends on how hard you throw them

q: What does a German call a party without Sausage and Cheese?
a: A Wurst-Kse Scenario

q: What is the difference between a Mechanical Engineer and a Civil Engineer?
a: A Mechanical Engineer makes weapons, a Civil Engineer makes targets. 

q: What is a hairdresser's favorite herb?
a: Salontro

q: Why is it so hard to find Thor's brother?
a: Because he stays low key

q: How does a coffee maker know it might be pregnant?
a: It's period is a little LATTE.

q: What do politicians do for fun?
a: Rave at the party.

q: What did 0 say to 8?
a: Nice belt. 

q: What gets larger every time I see my Girlfriend?
a: My credit card bill.

q: What's Kylo Ren's Favorite Order of Chemical Reaction?
a: A first order reaction

q: You know what the difference between "Pay to Win" and "Play to Win" is?
a: L. Which stands for "Lots of Money".

q: What are crusty girlfriends good for?
a: Fermenting yeast!

q: Why are men smarter during sex?
a: Because during sex they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all!

q: Would you rather have parkinsons or alzheimers?
a: Personally I'd rather have parkinsons, cos I'd rather have half a pint than forget where I've put it!

q: Why didn't DiCaprio laugh at Oscar joke?
a: Because he didn't get it.

q: What do you get if you chop off Trump's hand?
a: A Trump stump!

q: Why didn't the Soviet Union send Cosmonauts to the Moon?
a: In case they didn't want to come back.

q: Q: How do convicts get drugs while they're in prison?
a: A: Some asshole brings 'em in.

q: What do you call a midget psychic that's on the run from the law?
a: A small medium at large. 

q: How is a cock listening to live rock music?
a: unplucked

q: What is Martin Luther King's least favorite Christmas song?
a: I'm dreamin' of a white Christmas 

q: Did you hear the news about the collision between two black holes?
a: It's really making waves.

q: What's the hardest thing about being an audiophile?
a: Convincing the sound to get into your van.

q: Why should you not tell jokes to sand paper?
a: It's a rough crowd  ...Ba da bum chssh

q: Why was there so much chaos at the sperm bank?
a: Because it was first cum first serve.

q: Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers?
a: They can't even

q: How do you compliment a girl with a cold sore?
a: You tell her that her smile is contagious.

q: What phrase do prostitutes and mafia members both say?
a: You lookin to get whacked?

q: Why don't women drink beer at the beach?
a: Because they'll get sand in their Schlitz.

q: Why didn't Gordon Ramsay like the Girl Scout cream pies?
a: He found a hair in one.

q: What do your call a fish who starts a drug empire?
a: A scarfish

q: What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message. 

q: Men, what's worse than Satan himself?
a: Satan herself

q: What do you call jeans that haven't been worn before?
a: Vir-jeans

q: Why are all castles disabled?
a: They all have tur-rets

q: What do call the two midgets who ran an impound lot?
a: Little Seizers

q: What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter?
a: He's all round.

q: What do Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have in common?
a: Their goldman sacks

q: Why did the student fail the exam?
a: Spent too much time figuring out the Engels, so he didnt get the Marx.... thats what he gets for Stalin

q: What do you call a jungle where animals talk about current events?
a: A topical rainforest.

q: What do you call an asian golddigger?
a: Cha Ching

q: What's the difference between me and a pile of bricks?
a: The bricks will get laid.

q: Baby are you an iphone encryption?
a: Because I want to go through your backdoor

q: Where do dock workers like to shop?
a: Crate and Barrel. 

q: Which is the most common font i Mexico?
a: El Vetica.

q: Why did the bicycle fall over?
a: Because it was too tired.  :)

q: What do a cue ball and a mexican have in common?
a: The harder you hit them, the more English you get out of them.

q: What type of dog suffers from being inbred?
a: A hotdog

q: How do you make the Reddit front page?
a: (Repost)

q: What did the ISIS fighter say when he went to bomb the Hawaiian cafe?
a: ALOHA SNACKBAR

q: What's for food today?
a: Husband: Darling, what did you cook today? Wife: goat tongue Husband: Yuck, I can't eat anything that came out of an animal's mouth Wife: Don't be angry honey, I'll make you an egg

q: What do you get when you crossbreed a negro with an octopus?
a: I've got no idea, but sure as hell would be useful at a cotton farm. 

q: How do you know when your sister is on her period?
a: When your dad's dick tastes like blood..

q: Why did Vader deceive everyone about his love affair with the Emperor?
a: Because he was in Sidious.

q: Why do Jews hate soda?
a: Because they're gassy

q: How did the gay got hooked by a ladyboy?
a: He used a cheek magnet.

q: How do you annoy a Reddittor?
a: repost

q: What do you call it when a hobbit lives in the ghetto?
a: Worcestershire 

q: How to make money on youtube?
a: Step 1. Submit a false claim Step 2. Collect that money Step 3. ???? Step 4. Massive profit for doing nothing

q: Why are there no Walmarts in Iran?
a: Because there's a JC Penny at every corner.

q: Why do scuba divers always jump backwards off the boat?
a: If they jumped forwards, they would still be on the boat!  Sorry.

q: What kind of degree do you inherit through marriage?
a: A degree in law.

q: What do you call a muslim body builder?
a: A protein sheikh

q: Why was Muhammad's dad always successful in business?
a: He made a gross prophet!

q: What kind of bees get you high?
a: Doo-bees... I'm so sorry for that

q: Did anyone else catch that TEDx talk with the mentally disabled guy?
a: It's worth a listen. The talk is called "Autism Speaks" for anyone interested.

q: What do you get when you cross a pickle with a deer?
a: A dill doe.

q: Why did the cell phone need glasses?
a: Because it ran out of contacts.

q: Why did the Mexican train driver kill all of his passengers?
a: I'm not sure, but he must have had a loco motive. edit: grammar

q: What is the KKK's favorite dessert?
a: A Klandike bar.

q: What tense do Italians speak in?
a: Pasta continuous.

q: Did you hear about the Italian playwright ?
a: He bribed The Broadway League to give an award to his show "Rigatoni".

q: What did the lazy slut do?
a: Fuck all.

q: What do you call a speech so scary it makes you crap your pants?
a: A dire rhetoric.

q: Why is there no aspirin in the jungle?
a: Because the parrots eat em' all.

q: What is Kylo Ren's favorite beverage?
a: Supreme Liter Coke

q: What do statistician's eat for lunch?
a: Datatertots

q: What do you call a gay fascist leader?
a: A Dicktaker 

q: What do graphic designers smoke up to get high?
a: Adobe.

q: Did you hear that they're producing an action movie about a team of crime-fighting composers?
a: They already approached Arnold Schwarzenegger about playing fellow Austrian Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, but he said "no, I'll be Bach!"

q: Whats similar with a Dick and a Rubik Cube?
a: If you play with it, it gets harder...

q: Are instant noodles male or female?
a: Male. Cause they get ready in a couple of minutes.

q: A: You look nice today, is that a new shirt and haircut?
a: B: I masturbated yesterday, So I had to clean up afterwards.  And one thing lead to another.  Hair trimming included. 

q: Why does Pinocchio lie?
a: Because he's a fucking liar.

q: I just don't understand kids. My kid says he wants to play heavy metal. So why's he so mad at me?
a: I bought him one of the best tubas money can buy!

q: Whats the difference between driving and getting a blowjob?
a: I can only hold one beer when I'm driving.

q: Why don't Brazilians wear condoms?
a: Because they all pull out.

q: Why did princess Diana cross the street?
a: Because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.

q: What's the difference between a chocolate bar, and a cop?
a: One will kill your dog, the other's a chocolate bar.

q: What did the bird say after its cage fell apart?
a: Cheap cheap!

q: Did you know that NASA sent a bunch of cows into orbit?
a: It was the herd shot round the world.

q: What's better than having a garbanzo bean on your face?
a: Having a chickpea on your face.

q: What do you call a Jewish stoner with Downs Syndrome?
a: A twice baked potato

q: Did you hear the one about the man who was run over by a Nissan?
a: He had to pay the altamate price.

q: Did you hear about the obese millionaire?
a: He has a four chin.

q: Did you hear One Direction is breaking up?
a: They're heading separate ways.

q: How do you make a small fortune in the movie industry?
a: You spend a large fortune

q: Why are white people racist against black people?
a: Cause they have smaller PPs lol

q: What is Jesus' favorite video game on earth?
a: I am bread.

q: Why can't white people hit the whip?
a: Because slavery is over

q: What car does Jesus drive?
a: A Chrysler

q: Why is a banana the most attractive fruit?
a: Everyone finds it a-peeling.

q: What's the worst part about being a pedophile?
a: Trying to fit in

q: What happened when Steve Irwin forgot to put on sunscreen?
a: He got hurt from harmful rays

q: Who wears a red suit and knows if you were naughty or nice?
a: The Spanish Inquisition.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a laundry machine?
a: When I dump a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around after 

q: What does the grim reaper and a pedophile have in common?
a: They both take people before their time.

q: What's the difference between a thug and a phone charger?
a: A phone charger charges batteries, but a thug has battery charges

q: What do scientists wear?
a: Kelvin Klein

q: What should we name this ancient Japanese throwing knife?
a: A: Let's just name it the first thing that comes to mind, think you can handle that? B: Sure I can.

q: What do you get when you mix a bulldog and a shih tzu?
a: Bullshit. Works better if you say it out loud.

q: Why did the miner feel so low?
a: He was in a deep depression.

q: Did you hear about the little Mexican fish who became a great actor?
a: His name is Anchovio Banderas

q: What is the best things about the a 90 year old's tits?
a: You can play double dutch.

q: Ever heard of a 6.9?
a: It's just another great thing ruined by a period.

q: Why isn't John Oliver having sultanas in his fruitcake?
a: Because it's the currant year.

q: What's the difference between a lentil and a chick pea?
a: I won't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face.

q: What do you call an empty jar of Cheez Whiz?
a: Cheez Waz.

q: What does an academic call masturbation?
a: His seminal work. 

q: How is a hipster like a pedophile?
a: They both get into things before it's cool.

q: What is the one thing you can't say even on the internet?
a: [removed]

q: What do you call an angry, seafaring mathematician?
a: -rate!!!

q: What do xbox services and prostitutes have in common?
a: They both take my money then go down on me

q: Where do criminals like to eat?
a: Arrest-aurant Say it out loud.

q: What do you name a deaf dog?
a: It doesn't matter, he ain't coming anyways.

q: Why aren't there many jokes about the Jim Jones massacre?
a: There would have been, but the punch line was too long...

q: Who invented the North America?
a: TEACHER: Sarah, go to the map and find North America. SARAH: Here it is. TEACHER: Correct. Now class, who discovered America?CLASS: Sarah!

q: You know what I like about high school girls?
a: I will be back, rec time is over. 

q: How many babies does it take to stop a puck?
a: Ask Subban from the Hans to find out

q: What do Steve Harvey and a dentist have in common?
a: They're both experts at placing temporary crowns.

q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the American people?
a: America doesn't want Bush.

q: What do Kim Kardashian, and my girlfriend have in common?
a: They're both made up.

q: What do you call a Chinese baby in the oven?
a: a 2nd born. 

q: What did the seahorse say to the fat man?
a: "You're fat!"

q: What's a frat boy's favorite toy company?
a: Hasbrah.

q: Why was the Amish girl kicked out of her community?
a: Too Mennonite

q: Why couldn't Mark think of a dad joke?
a: Mark is black.

q: Did you hear the doctor's excuse when he botched the circumcision?
a: It was cockamamie

q: Why doesn't Kanye West take his wife to the beach?
a: Because he is afraid tidal wave will take her away from him. 

q: Why is Christopher Walken so tired?
a: Because at night, he's always sleepwalken 

q: What's the useless skin around the vagina called?
a: A woman.

q: Why Didn't The Skeleton Go To The Party?
a: Because he had no body to go with

q: What happened to Donald Trump when he visited Switzerland?
a: He Felt the Bern

q: How do you know there's a Bernie Sanders fan at your door?
a: Hillary Clinton knocked four minutes ago, but come on guys, no one expected Bernie to come second by so close!! This is a win for him!!! Now's not the time to give up hope!!!! We have to keep fighting!!!!!! Don't get discouraged!!!!!!! Political revolution isn't going to be easy!!!!!!!! I'm donating $4:00 to Bernie's campaign!!!!!!!! Match me, bro!!!!!!!!!

q: What does a Mermaid bring to math class?
a: An algae-bra.

q: How does Steven Hawking refresh after a long work day?
a: F5 (sorry Imgoingtohellforthis)

q: How do you make a Bloody Nicole?
a: Like a Bloody Mary, but with a stab of OJ...

q: (Dirty!) Why was the guitar teacher arrested?
a: For fingering a minor.

q: What is Bill Cosby's favorite flavor of ice cream?
a: Ten Roofies.

q: What Would Darth Hitler Say to His Son?
a: Look, I am your Fuhrer.

q: How do you pay for incense?
a: In cents 

q: Damn Girl Do You Work At Subway?
a: Cause you're making me a foot long.

q: Why was the poker game at the zoo cancelled?
a: Some believed that there was a cheetah among them.

q: How do you trap a polar bear?
a: Dig a hole in the ice, and line the edge with peas.  Then, when the polar bear comes along to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who?
a: Dishes a bad joke.

q: What are 3 things a black man can't get?
a: A fat lip, a black eye, and a job.

q: Why is the robot good at one night stands?
a: Because he nuts and bolts.

q: What's the problem with leptokurtic data sets?
a: They tend to be mean.

q: What's the best fabric Softener to use on a cat?
a: Pounce...

q: What is politics?
a: A kid ask his dad to explain politics to him. Dad says "Your mom runs the house so she is like the government. I make the money so I am the Economy. Our maid is the working class. Consider yourself the public. Your little brother is the future." The kid says now I get what politics is. "Last night Economy was fucking the working class. Government was sleeping. No one cared for the public. And the future was crying."

q: Why did the Chili Pepper cross the road?
a: To get to the Otherside!

q: You know what the definition of "competitive" is?
a: Finishing first   third in a circlejerk. 

q: What did the Japanese chef say when his mother died?
a: Well, that's the edamame.

q: Why do Mexicans eat so many beans?
a: Because they're versatile,  a good value, and contain lots of protein you racist fuck. 

q: What's the difference between a pregnant woman and Jeb Bush?
a: None.  They both should have pull out sooner. 

q: What's the best part of growing up in Compton?
a: No bad dad jokes.

q: Why do rabbits prefer IPA's over other kinds of beers?
a: Because they use extra hops

q: What is a cannibal's favorite fruit?
a: Granny Smith 

q: Why is Peter Pan always flying?
a: Because he Neverlands.

q: Did you hear about the guy who got fired from the calendar factory?
a: All he did was take a day off.

q: Why do Eskimos have wide noses?
a: Because they pick their nose with their gloves on.

q: What is wrong with the number 6.9?
a: There is a period in the middle.

q: What type of sushi does Bob Seger like?
a: That Old Thai Moroccan Roll.

q: What do you call it when two bottles of lotion start dating?
a: A re-lotion-ship.

q: why don't foot fetishists ever win anything?
a: because they like the taste of defeat. i'm not even sorry.

q: What's the hardest thing about skydiving?
a: The Ground

q: Do you know why there's no Apple wireless charger?
a: Because they can't decide what exactly should break there.

q: What's green and red, and goes round and round?
a: A frog in a food blender.

q: What's black and sits in the back of a cop car?
a: The seat

q: What do you give a paedophile who has everything?
a: A bigger Parish

q: Whats the difference between news of the US elections and Madeleine McCann?
a: News of the elections is getting old. 

q: Why so many conservative white Americans voted Obama?
a: Old whites on their deathbeds saw "the light" people so often experience when they approach death, and accidentally voted for it.

q: Why did Gigi leave the party angrily?
a: Because she's Hadid.

q: What's the difference between Kanye West, an American College student, and a homeless man?
a: The homeless man has $7 to his name.

q: What is a virgin's least favorite fruit?
a: Cantaloupe

q: Ever heard of Black Jesus?
a: I hear he's pretty hung.

q: Why did Hannibal Lecter try DiGiorno's Pizza?
a: He heard it had de y flavor.

q: Did you know those round bales of hay you still see in fields were outlawed?
a: Yep. The cows weren't getting a square meal.  *  

q: Why did Trump run in Us instead of Canada?
a: Because He's worried that he would win with a minority government.

q: What do you call a Jawa's favourite magician?
a: Houdini.

q: Why are black people fast runners?
a: They have 3 long strong legs. 

q: Why did Gandalf have to go to the hospital to get a splinter removed?
a: He had a staff infection...

q: Pro is the opposite of con right?
a: Well then what is the opposite of congress?

q: What is Australian cuisine called?
a: Prison Food Source: 8 out of 10 Cats does Countdown

q: How do you circumcise a whale?
a: Four skin divers.

q: What do you call a sour black man?
a: Vinigger.

q: Why'd the semen cross the road?
a: Because I put on the wrong sock this morning

q: Where are all of the creative Calculus jokes?
a: All these new ones are so derivative...

q: Why does Mario never parks his kart near the Koopalings Castles?
a: He always gets Toad.

q: Why are nuns like a brand new TV?
a: You need a knife to get in the box.

q: What do you call a broken can opener?
a: A can't opener

q: Have you heard the latest joke about physicists?
a: It collapsed into a black hole.

q: Why was the ink happy?
a: Because it had its in-de-pen-dance. I'm posting lots of really bad jokes tonight that just appear in my head, if just one person enjoys just one joke is worth it, good evening. 

q: Why do Jews get circumcised ?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off

q: How does a Chinese man start a religious video?
a: Press pray.

q: Why do cannibal children go to the hospital?
a: Because their mothers told them to eat their vegetables.

q: T NOW! what do we want?
a: MORE TIME TRAVEL JOKES!! when do we want them? RIGH

q: Did you hear about that synthetic type of weed they made using dog hair?
a: Instead of k2, they call it k9.

q: Why did the trumpet player cross the road?
a: To tell the chicken he could do it better.

q: What did the blind man say when he walked by the fish market?
a: Good morning ladies.

q: What is the worst thing about Ancient History Class?
a: The teachers tend to Babylon

q: Why did the elephant cross the road?
a: To show the raccoon it's possible.

q: Where do Zika babies come from?
a: A guy trying to get a little head.

q: Why did the blind man use chopsticks?
a: Because he couldn't see the point in forks.

q: Why did so many people support the colonist protest of tea?
a: Cause everyone wanted'a "boo" tea!

q: How did Mr Cheese paint his wife?
a: He Double Gloucester.

q: What's funnier than a one liner?
a: A two liner.

q: What did the grilled Seabass say at the Nuremberg trials?
a: I was only following hors d'oeuvres.

q: How do you find a blind man on a nudist beach?
a: It's not hard...

q: What sound did the slot machine make when the Chinese person won the jackpot?
a: Cha-chink!

q: What do you call a Persian lesbian?
a: A flying carpet muncher. I'm so sorry.  

q: How does a feminist screw in a light bulb?
a: She doesn't, she just holds it in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her.

q: What's common between Hillary and Bill Clinton?
a: A jew blowing their presidency 

q: What are the options?
a: Air Hostess to passenger:  "Sir would you like to have dinner?" Passenger: "What are the options?" Air Hostess: "Yes and No."

q: Why your oven doesn't attend an university?
a: It already has at least hundred degrees

q: What's the last thing you want to hear while using a urinal?
a: "nice watch"

q: What's the difference between your job and a dead hooker?
a: Your job still sucks

q: What do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eyes?
a: Chicken ceaser salad.

q: Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
a: So people don't confuse them for feminists.

q: Why did Jeb Bush cross the road?
a: To get to the other side!   

q: What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly?
a: Incorrectly. 

q: What do you call someone who smokes two joints?
a: Double jointed.

q: Why did cavemen pull their women around by their hair?
a: Because if they had pulled them by their feet they would have filled up with mud

q: Why did the pentagon change it's name to the square?
a: Because they were cutting corners.  

q: What do you do with a no-legged greyhound?
a: Take it drag racing

q: What do you call a human that's now a cactus?
a: A transplant.

q: What language do bugs in the Middle East speak?
a: Scarabic

q: What is a police officer's least favorite dessert?
a: A brownie.

q: Do you know how Canada got its name?
a: Back in the colonial days, the people of the Canadian capital decided the whole of the northern land needed a name- but no one could agree what it should be. So the mayor had all the letters of the alphabet, from A to Zed, put on little pieces of paper and shuffled in a top hat. Then the mayor said "Whatever letters I draw, that's the name of our new country. Here goes..."  He drew the first letter: "It's a "C", eh". Then the next letter: "It's an "N", eh."...

q: What online payment service does the Pope use?
a: Papal.

q: What's worse than a centipede with sore feet?
a: A giraffe with a sore throat.

q: Why are most runners single?
a: At best they're ASICS.

q: What do you call a car made out of Canadian money?
a: A CADillac.

q: What vocal art did the mountain climber from Dagobah practice?
a: Yoda-ling 

q: Which trigonometric fatio is obsessed with the pokemon Suicune?
a: EuSINE

q: Daddy, did you ever eat cat food when you were little?
a: "Yeah, but it didn't taste very good."  She smiled and nodded, "I know, it taste like dog food."

q: What's the best thing about elevator jokes?
a: They work on so many levels

q: What's the best thing to do when someone close to you dies?
a: Move seats.

q: What's the worst thing about getting bitten by a poisonous spider?
a: You're probably Australian. EDIT: I mean venomous, not poisonous. I am sorry

q: What do you call someone with no shins?
a: Tony

q: Why dont they use phone books in China?
a: Because they have so many Wing's and Wong's  That they might Wing the Wong Numba!!!

q: What's another name for a supernova?
a: A POPstar. HAHAHAHA. Living is pain. Unbearable. End me.

q: Why don't people drink pig's milk?
a: Because its a bit too sow...

q: What do you call a snobby thief running down your stairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: What do you call a dehydrated French man?
a: Pee Air

q: Who is Soulja Boy's favorite person ever?
a: ..........YOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!

q: What's clear and smells like red paint?
a: Chloroform. >:D

q: How do French girls hold their liquor?
a: By the ears

q: Which body organ works out the most when masturbating?
a: Ears, listening if anyone is coming...

q: What do you call a thief running down your stairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: Why did the Jedi cross the road?
a: To get to the dark side.

q: What sort file do you you need to turn a 1.5 inch hole into a 4.5 inch one?
a: A pedo-file.

q: What did the man who ate a clock say?
a: That was time consuming but I still want seconds. 

q: Do you that thing about German people?
a: There Himmel ist blau.

q: What's Green and Smells like Pork?
a: Kermit's Finger

q: What does SAG-AFTRA call a low-budget foreign production?
a: Scrub-a-dub-dub.

q: Why did the asian man get arrested for stealing a Buick sedan?
a: It was a Regal

q: What's the difference between necrophilia and a pizza?
a: Even if it is cold it's still good.

q: What is the difference between a battery and a woman?
a: A battery has a positive side.

q: What does a slave owner do with his slaves when he's finished with them?
a: Races 'em.

q: What's the difference between a bmw driver and a porcupine?
a: A porcupine has the pricks on the outside. 

q: What do you call a Nun in a wheelchair?
a: Virgin mobile.

q: Headmaster: I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers. What have you been doing?
a: Headmaster: I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers. What have you been doing?  Johnny: Nothing, sir.  Headmaster: Exactly. 

q: What do you call a cow that can't produce milk?
a: Utterly useless 

q: How do you get a retard to leave you alone?
a: Give him a small $1 million loan

q: What did the pastor say when his blanket rose up from his bed?
a: "Holy Sheet!"

q: What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
a: A carrot.

q: Why couldn't Marco Rubio register on a web forum?
a: The website required him to prove that he is not a robot.

q: What do you call it when someone shoots a group of fish in a barrel?
a: A school shooting

q: What did the terrorist say to the racist and the socialist?
a: We are the 2016 presidential candidate frontrunners. This is a joke  take it that way

q: What's Big?
a: My ass.

q: What kind of meat can a priest eat on Friday?
a: Nun

q: What does Sarah Palin eat when she's high?
a: Baked Alaska

q: Do you know why latin is a dead language?
a: They kept summoning demons in random conversations.

q: Why does Bono never get any mail?
a: He lives on a street with no name. 

q: What did the Mexican say when two houses fell on him?
a: Get off me homes.

q: What do you call a complaining adult?
a: A groan up!

q: What did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip?
a: "We used to be really tight until you let that dick come between us."

q: What is a goat herder known as in the Middle East?
a: A Pimp

q: My Mexican friend told me this one. Whats an owl say?
a: Quien?

q: How do you get a grad student off your porch?
a: You pay them for the pizza. 

q: There is a clerk at the butcher shop. He is 5'10" and wears size 13 sneakers. What does he weight?
a: Meat.

q: what aftershave does James bond uses after retirement?
a: Old Spyce.

q: Who was the first full size sex doll?
a: Tutankhamon

q: How do you seat four gay men on a bar stool?
a: Flip it over.

q: What's better than four roses on a piano?
a: Tulips on an organ. 

q: What do you call a hooker that was shot by a sniper?
a: 360 hoscope

q: What would it take to reunite the Beatles?
a: Two more bullets.

q: You guys wanna hear something really corny?
a: Syrup.

q: What's long, hard, goes in a vagina, out of a vagina, and leaves a whore feeling good about herself?
a: An abortion hook.

q: What's the difference between a vegetable and a berry?
a: i can't vegetable my dick so far in your ass whoever could pull it out would be crowned king arthur  

q: Does anyone know the Tom Jones Siamese twins joke, and could they explain it?
a: It involves Siamese twins that go to a Tom Jones concert and have intercourse with him, they then have the chance to go again, a year later, but one of them says he won't remember us. I feel as though it should be really funny but I don't get it.

q: How do you pick up a black guy?
a: With a noose.

q: Why shouldn't you burn scented candles inside of a Buddhist shrine?
a: Because doing so would be incense-itive!

q: How big are pedophiles shoes?
a: A footlong.

q: What do you call a dead asian?
a: A failure

q: What do dolphins like to listen to?
a: Podcasts.

q: Why did Hitler need to get a new car?
a: His was Stalin.

q: What do you hear if you hold a kebap to your ear?
a: The silence of the lambs

q: What is stephen Hawking's favorite food?
a: His shoulder.

q: What's the best way to get a fat chick to have sex with you?
a: Whoops, wrong subreddit

q: I'm a dad. Here's my joke: Why would Bart Simpson never go to a pub?
a: Because there's a BartEnder there.

q: What's the atheist's view on God?
a: Nahweh.

q: Why did Thor sit comfortably on a cactus?
a: He has an Asgard ...I'll see myself out

q: What does a pirate's beard feel like?
a: Corsair. (works better in a pirate accent)

q: What's a mole's favourite fruit?
a: An Avagadro.

q: What do whores and sailors have in common?
a: They are both always surrounded by sea - men! I made up this one.

q: What is Hitlers favorite juice shop?
a: Jamba Jews 

q: Why was the teacher arrested for writing in permanent marker?
a: He wrote "1 + 0 = 0" and then spent the rest of the lesson trying to rub one out...

q: What did the Jihadist say when he had explosive Diarrhea?
a: ALLAHPOO AKBAR!

q: How do chemists poison each other?
a: With a Pb & J sandwich

q: What kind of vision does Fetty Wap have?
a: 17/38

q: Why do Jews have blue penises?
a: Because they're tight-fisted wankers. 

q: Why do I love putting down kids without parents?
a: Cause endorphins make me feel good.

q: Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon?
a: There's a great view, but no atmosphere.

q: What's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea?
a: I've never paid 50 bucks to have a garbanzo on my face.

q: Why did the man get kicked out of the "Russian" bar?
a: Because he walked in. 

q: Why is B so cool?
a: Because it is next to the AC

q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
a: Bison

q: What is a horse's favorite condiment?
a: MayoNEIGHS

q: What do you call a party with no Filipino people?
a: A no-Nguyen scenario.

q: Can you fly a black hawk?
a: Can the popes di*k fit through a donut.

q: Why do people with OCD like Family Feud?
a: Because it's always black and white.

q: Why did the chicken decide not to cross the road?
a: because it did.

q: What's the difference between feminism and Islam?
a: One is demonized by the actions and beliefs of a small minority. The other believes in the wage gap myth.

q: Why does Trump want to build a great wall?
a: China has one and they don't have many Mexicans

q: In World War 3, which country would retreat first?
a: Iran. 

q: Did you hear about the guy who accidentally took a ride on a dolphin?
a: He's not sure if he did it on porpoise. 

q: How did Helen Keller break her arm?
a: She broke it trying to read the road signs. 

q: What do you call a comic book hero that is constantly hooked on having sex with female superheroes?
a: A heroine addict.

q: What's the difference between someone falling from 21st floor and 1st floor?
a: 21st floor person goes: AHHHHHHHHHH  1st floor goes:   AHHHHHHHHHH

q: What do you call a Hawaiian pizza with Jalapeos?
a: A Pearl Harbor

q: How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: NINE!

q: Why does a blonde nurse carry around a red pen?
a: To draw blood.

q: How do you know if a redditor gave money to Bernie Sanders?
a: Just wait 5 minutes. They'll post about it. 

q: What's the difference between a chic pea and a garbanzo bean?
a: Iv never had a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: How do you know when you are a drug addict?
a: when you realize that you have had 2 strepsils within one hour.

q: Why was the Amish girl excommunicated?
a: Two men a night.

q: What's one thing the Hulk would struggle tearing down?
a: The fourth wall 

q: Why didn't the life guard save the hippy?
a: Beacuse he was to "far out man".

q: What's long, dark, hard and grotesque but very satisfying to beat?
a: Bloodborne

q: What does Bill Clinton say to Hilary after sex?
a: I'll be home in 20 minutes 

q: What do you call a homeless horse with a Borderline Personality Disorder ?
a: Unstable.

q: Did you hear about the construction worker that got arrested?
a: He was handling his wood in public.

q: What do you tell someone who feels that life has shorted them from a purpose or calling?
a: You belong.

q: What would you call the easter egg roll if Bernie Sanders became president?
a: Weekend at Bernie's.

q: What did the tampon say to the other tampon?
a: Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.

q: What did the skinny Cuban say to the fat American?
a: Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. He knows EXACTLY what he's doing! Barack Obama is undertaking a systematic effort to change this country, to make America more like the rest of the world...

q: How many US Congress members does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one. They just hold it still and wait for the world to revolve around them.

q: What's the best part about living in Flint, Michigan?
a: Leaded gasoline is pretty cheep!

q: Why was the scarecrow promoted?
a: He was outstanding in his field.

q: Why was Kylo Ren embarrassed at McDonald's?
a: It was his First Order!

q: Have you heard of the band 1023 Megabytes?
a: They've never had any gigs.

q: what do you call an animal that's neither a herbivore nor a carnivore??
a: an om-nom-nomnivore

q: What came first the egg or the Chicken?
a: the egg, of course. Isn't that what I just said?

q: How many Ricks from TWD does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Carl gets shot in the face.

q: What's Michigan's favorite beer?
a: PbR

q: What do you call a rooster looking at a vegetable patch?
a: Chicken Caesar Salad

q: Why can't American engineers design linear actuators?
a: Because they always try to maximize the degrees of freedom.

q: Why couldn't the physicists change the lightbulb?
a: Too much work.

q: Hey baby, are you an oven?
a: Because you've had a lot of Jews inside of you.

q: What do you call a Mexican who acts like a white person?
a: A Juan-a-be

q: If evolution is real how come?
a: Monkeys still throw their poop underhanded 

q: Do you now the first sign of HIV ?
a: Pounding Sensation 

q: Why are pizza makers always poor?
a: Because they knead dough to make a living. 

q: Whats the most dyslectic part of Asia?
a: Croatia!

q: [Computer Games] Enemy: Where have you learned aiming?
a: Response: In programming course.

q: What do books wear on a rainy day?
a: Rain Quotes

q: What happens to a gay man every month?
a: Manstruation

q: Where do muslims go when they die?
a: To the ethereal startrek convention.

q: Which beer did the flower drink that made it realize that it was smarter when it was young?
a: Budweiser

q: Why would Donald Trump make a great addition to The Walking Dead?
a: All he wants to do is build a wall.

q: Why hasn't there been a Mexican Disney Princess?
a: Because everyone would just think it's a quinceaera

q: Why did God give women yeast infections?
a: That way they know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt.

q: How do you get a Jewish Girl's number?
a: You roll up herr sleeve. 

q: How do you get people to pirate an album?
a: Release it on TIDAL

q: What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
a: Getting fingered by Captain Hook.  

q: Where do Muslims go after they die?
a: Everywhere.

q: What do you tell someone who occupies space and has mass?
a: You matter.

q: What do you call a pot head with down syndrome?
a: A bongoloid.

q: Why are drums a fire hazard?
a: Because they're flam-able. Ba-da Bum tsss.

q: Did you know that Princess Di had really bad dandruff?
a: They found her head & shoulders in the glovebox. 

q: Why did the mexican man throw his wife off a bridge?
a: He wanted tequila.

q: What do you call an old man's hard on?
a: Petrified wood.

q: What do you call spaghetti pretending to be rigatoni?
a: An impasta

q: What do you call an annoying black person?
a: A nagger.

q: What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
a: Snowballs

q: How is a chronic disease unlike the 9th Doctor, but like the 10th Doctor?
a: It sticks around for more than 1 Season, and doesn't want to go.

q: Do you remember what the picture on your pass looks like?
a: Yeah. It looks like me. 

q: Is it common?
a: A guy goes to his doctor and says, "Doc, something weird is happening to me. When I drive to work, if I'm going past a large pasture I begin to sing 'The Green Green Grass of Home' and if I happen to drive past a cat I burst into 'What's New Pussycat'!" The doctor says, "You have Tom Jones Syndrome". The guy says, "Is that a common disorder?" The doctor says, "It's Not Unusual".

q: Why do dyslexics drink tea when having a heated argument?
a: Because they're having a sipping contest.

q: How do you bury a Jew?
a: Dig a really deep hole and throw a penny in it. 

q: What form of humor do Dentists find most offensive?
a: Plaqueface

q: What is the Great Gatsby's favorite superhero?
a: Green Lantern. His least favorite? Deadpool.

q: Why did they not allow farmers in Greece?
a: They got tired of all the minotaurs.

q: What do Pink Floyd fans and NASCAR driver Kyle Larson have in common?
a: They both love The Wall

q: What's the best thing to say if a pizzaman does an AMA?
a: OP delivers.

q: What does every funeral begin with?
a: fun!

q: How did the Linux admin commit assault?
a: He sudo bashed someone.

q: Why was the programer killed by a snake?
a: He underestimated the speed of the python.

q: How often do you use algebra?
a: Equationally.

q: What song does Freddy Krueger listen to when he gets a manicure?
a: I got Kniiiiiives on it!  that inspired the joke.

q: What do you call a lost Asian man?
a: Disoriental 

q: Why did my friend get a screw in her pizza?
a: She is allergic to nuts.

q: Which Mary is it?
a: The Bloody Mary

q: How do Chinese name their kids?
a: They throw silverware on the ground!

q: Why aren't the Williams sisters competing against Michael Phelps?
a: Black people can't swim.

q: What do you call a mean general?
a: General Average

q: What's invisible and smells like carrots?
a: bunny farts

q: Why did the train driver crash his train off the bridge?
a: Because he was "in  "ing ahahahahahahaahahaahanaha holy shit

q: Why did the chair suck at poker?
a: It was a folding chair.

q: Why did the vulture cross the road?
a: To eat the dead chicken on the other side.

q: What did one plate say to the other?
a: "Lunch is on me."

q: What did the buffalo said to its bisexual son?
a: Bi, son.          

q: What's the difference between Bill Cosby and a Snickers Bar?
a: One wants you to put their chocolatey nutty goodness in your mouth, and the other is a child rapist. 

q: What's the difference between date rape and necrophilia?
a: One takes a roofy, the other takes a groundy.

q: Why are there no feminists in Japan?
a: Because they hunt whales.

q: Why did the man name his daughter Candy?
a: She was the sweetest mistake he ever made.

q: What's the most unfortunately named place in the world?
a: Donald J. Trump State Park in Yorktown Heights, NY

q: How does Geppetto exact his revenge on Monstro the Whale?
a: Marry a net maker

q: Did you hear the one about the peanut who rode the subway?
a: He was a salted. Sexually. He was a salted sexually. . . .there's nothing funny about that.

q: What did Sushie A say to Sushi B?
a: Wasa-B! Let's roll.

q: What do you call a deer with one good eye?
a: A good idear...

q: What's Gordon Ramsey's favourite movie?
a: It's Fucking Frozen!

q: Why do honest ducks dip their heads under the water?
a: To liquidate their bills.

q: You want to know what's ironic?
a: That the CEO of a company does no work for 10 years and everybody hates them, but the moment they go on 'Undercover Boss' and give away a small sum of their yearly earnings to save face, the same people who hated them with a passion now love them so much. Either those employees are suck-up brown-noses or money really changed their minds that much!

q: What's the difference between you and me?
a: You came OUT of your mom's vagina.

q: What do you call Batman when he ditches church?
a: Christian Bale

q: What do you call it when the bull impales the bullfighter?
a: A hole in Juan!

q: Which computer sings the best?
a: A Dell

q: What does a chef and a gravitational wave astronomer have in common?
a: They both work in gastronomy

q: Have you seen the movie constipated?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: What came first, the chicken or the egg?
a: The rooster did.

q: Where's the best place to go if you want a little head?
a: The 2016 Olympics.

q: What is the stinkiest number in Ireland?
a: Farty.

q: [OLDIE BUT GOODIE] What did the five fingers say to the face?
a: SLAP!

q: What do you call that feeling when the bus finally arrives?
a: a peasantfeeling

q: Why can't midgets be accountants?
a: Because they always come up short.

q: What's Chris Brown's favourite time of day?
a: 12:34! 

q: What's pink and retarded?
a: A Flamongo.

q: What do you call a chicken looking at a bowl of lettuce?
a: Chicken sees a salad 

q: Why was the web server down?
a: Mary Jane dumped him.

q: Who will Donald Trump blame when he loses the presidential bid?
a: Of course every Juan!

q: How do you protect yourself from ghosts?
a: Hide in the living room.

q: What's the one thing missing from the offensive jokes on r/jokes?
a: Karma, Whores.

q: What is Adam Johnson's favourite kill streak?
a: Predator missile

q: Did you hear about the magician who became a farmer?
a: ...he was driving his tractor down the road, and suddenly, he turned into a field.

q: Cringe-Worthy St. Valentine's Joke: Which candy is never on time?
a: Choco-late.

q: Why Donald Trump doesn't ask money from people?
a: Who can give a small donation of one million dollars?

q: What are the loneliest elements?
a: The noble gases, because they can't form bonds

q: what is 40 feet long and only has 3 teeth?
a: The funnel cake line at the Arkansas state fair.

q: How come the dog never finished his game?
a: He was stuck on paws.  Forgive me reddit senpai

q: What do you call a deaf gynecologist?
a: A lip reader

q: How do you piss off r/jokes?
a: You post an anti-joke

q: Who the biggest Loser of them all?
a: Type this in on your search bar. LOSER.COM

q: What do you call a con artist panda?
a: A bamboozler

q: Where does the General keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies

q: What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?
a: It might take a while for me to get hard, I was just laid by a chick.

q: What did the sprinter with diarrhea do during the race?
a: He activated his  bo... LOL

q: what do you call two crows on a branch?
a: attempted murder

q: What do you get if you run in front of a car?
a: A: Tired Bonus Follow-up Joke!  Q: What do you get when you run behind a car? A: Exhausted

q: What do you call a racist grandmother?
a: Graham Cracker

q: What do you call a stereotypical flan?
a: A quich

q: What is a dilemma ?
a: Two men are having a drink in a bar. One says: "You know, I've never really understood what a dilemma is.." "Let me tell you a story" says the other man. "Imagine you wake up in a bed with two people next to you. To your left is a incredibly beautiful woman willing to have sex with you and to your right is a very horny gay man". "So where's the dilemma ?" replies the first man. "To whom do you turn your back ?"

q: Want to here a joke?
a: Here you go.

q: Why aren't there any Wal-Marts in the middle east?
a: Because there's a Target on every corner

q: Why are redneck murder cases the hardest to solve?
a: Because all the DNA matches and there are no dental records.

q: How did the failing Heroes of the Storm player apologize to their teammate?
a: I'm gonna level with you.

q: Guess who's addicted to pussy?
a: Lesbian sex addicts. 

q: Why did the oil covered seagull get sued?
a: There can only be one goo gull

q: Where did the general keep his armies?
a: Up his sleevies.

q: Where did Adolf Hitler hide his armies?
a: Up his sleevies.

q: Why didn't Johnny go to the 7 A.M. funeral?
a: Because he just isn't a mourning person.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a bush?
a: BARRY

q: What do you call a Korean with a dog?
a: ...vegetarian. For the record, I'm Korean and have a dog haha.

q: What is a casino dealer's worst nightmare?
a: Master Better

q: What's the slowest vehicle on the road?
a: The short bus.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a truck?
a: The truck doesn't scream when you pump gas into it.

q: What is the difference between outlaws and inlaws?
a: Outlaws are wanted.

q: Did you hear the one about the asshole, the jew, the immigrant's son, and the woman?
a: They are all running for president

q: What do you call a house full of black people?
a: A jail.

q: What's the difference between black people and cancer?
a: Cancer got Jobs

q: How did you quit smoking?
a: Decided to smoke only after sex

q: What do you call a Spaniard that is a violator?
a: a TRESpasser im sorry

q: Why did the poor dog chase his tail?
a: Because he was trying to make both ends meet.

q: Who's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: What did he do ?
a: A police officer was sitting in his car with his K9 partner in the back seat. A man walked over and asked, Is that a dog in the back seat? The officer said, It sure is. The man responded, Wow, what did he do?

q: Do you believe in love at first site?
a: A boy asked a girl: "Do you believe in love at first site?". The Girl replied, "No". The boy phewed and said: "We should meet again then". Ultimate Thug Life.

q: What does Tupperware and a walrus have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal

q: What do a Christmas tree and priest have in common?
a: Their balls are just for decoration

q: What's the best thing about alzheimers?
a: You're always meeting new people.

q: Do you like cheesecake?
a: I was gonna say a joke about it but it would be too cheesy.

q: Where did the sick boat go?
a: To the dock.

q: Why is urine called pee?
a: Because it comes from PEEople. 

q: He drank an entire bottle of olive oil?
a: Daughter: "Where's the olive oil?" Father: "I drank it." Daughter: "You drank an entire bottle of olive oil?" Father: Without so much as a grin, "Yes, olive it."

q: Why is trigonometry so hard to talk about?
a: You always end up going off onto tangents.

q: Did you know George Washington is not on the 1$ bill?
a: It's just a picture of him.

q: Have you heard about the Rosa Parks sex move?
a: You take it from the back. 

q: Why did the policeman shoot the empty LED?
a: It was a black one.

q: What did the ninja do when he failed to kill his target?
a: He sai'd

q: What's the best part about football?
a: It's the only way to buy a nigger legally.

q: What's the best part of being a necrophiliac?
a: In the bedroom, it doesn't take much effort to make your lover's jaw drop.

q: What did the mohel bring to the BBQ potluck?
a: His homemade Bris-kit.

q: Why do lesbians always win against journalists?
a: Scissors beats paper.

q: What do you call a Chinaman that does everything given what other people do?
a: Bayesian.

q: What would American Psycho 3 be called if it had Martin Shreli as the lead actor?
a: American Psycho 3: Pleading the Fifth

q: What do you call a deaf lesbian?
a: Earmuff

q: What does a cannibal without a kitchen eat?
a: Raw men

q: Why don't you see any transgendered parents?
a: Because they're trans-parent

q: He drank the entire bottle of olive oil?
a: Olive it. 

q: What led to the discovery of gravitational waves?
a: A simple game of hopscotch: Me v. Yo Mama

q: Why is spongebob an ass man?
a: Because he's always deep in the Bikini Bottom

q: Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation?
a: Because she threw out all the bent ones.

q: How do you get gum out of your hair?
a: Get cancer

q: What is Bruce Lee's favourite drink?
a: Wataaaah!

q: Why did the germ cross the microscope?
a: To get to the other slide! 

q: What do you do when someone has an epileptic fit in the bathtub?
a: Throw in the laundry.

q: You ever hear the one about the super-competitive guy who joined a circlejerk?
a: He came in first   third. (Ngaio Bealum)

q: What's the difference between a week-old human and a weak, old human?
a: About eighty years

q: What does an egg say at a party?
a: omelette

q: #TBT How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
a: You pa- pa- poker face, pa- pa- poker face!

q: Are you a banker?
a: Because can you leave me a loan?

q: What does the number 668 represent?
a: The   of the Beast.

q: Hear about the tornado that hit the vacuum cleaner factory?
a: It sucked.

q: What do you call an amputee masseuse?
a: A chiral-practor. BONUS What do you call a regular, normal, non-amputee masseuse? achiral-practor.

q: What did the ancient Greek mother say when her sons toga got torn?
a: Euripides, Eumenides

q: Why was the Muslim sad when he bought a pirated disc?
a: Because the Disc was cracked

q: How do you open a banana safe?
a: With a monkey.        

q: How can you tell if your water is about to break?
a: Someone from Flint puts a glass between your legs

q: Whats the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?
a: ...I don't pay 100$ to have a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: What does the unemployed starving man ask his rich baker friend?
a: I just need some bread

q: Who did Alaska vote for?
a: Berrrnie Sanders  H/T: wife 

q: What Did Chris Christie Give Up For Lent?
a: The US Presidential Campaign!

q: What's a bear's favorite fruit?
a: Tom ( ). Explanation: Bears are made up of atoms. Plug: 

q: Why did the freshly circumcised penis experience uncontrollable road rage?
a: Someone cut him off.

q: Why did the football coach go to Aldi?
a: To get his quarter back!

q: What was the name of the Antartic terrorist group?
a: ICEis

q: How was my soup?
a: Souperb.

q: What do The Walking Dead and Fast & Furious have in common?
a: dead walkers

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park ?
a: They woke him up.

q: What does an excited Japanese horse say?
a: Oshio des neighhhhh

q: What did Journey say to the critic as he stormed out of their concert?
a: "Don't stop! Be leaving!" Just a joke I thought up the other day.

q: What is Medusa's favorite cheese?
a: Gorgonzola.

q: Why are some girls so odd?
a: Because they can't even.

q: Why do hipsters not wear cardigans anymore?
a: Because they wore them before it was cool.

q: What brand toothbrush do Mexicans use?
a: Oral-

q: Where are you from?
a: "So where are you from?" "I'm a Liberian" "Oh sorry" *whispers*       

q: Ya know what's a real pain in my ass?
a: Anal fissures. 

q: What did the toaster say to the pop tart?
a: I want you inside of me. 

q: Why did the audience hate the pedophile guitarist?
a: Because he broke a G string while fingering a minor

q: What's the difference between a blonde and a washer?
a: When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.

q: What do you call a blonde in a closet?
a: Last years hide and seek champion

q: How do tennis players prefer their steak?
a: Wimbledon and nicely served.

q: What do you call a Gay Dictator?
a: A bendy ruler.

q: What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game?
a: Before the First Period.

q: Why was the mathematician fired?
a: Because he was sur  to requirements.

q: What is a mathematician's favorite food?
a: A slice of Pi.

q: Why did the police chief hate going into the basement?
a: Because it was beneath his station. :P

q: What's the same between a smart blonde and a UFO?
a: You keep hearing about them, but you never see one

q: What do you call a Chicken staring at lettuce?
a: Chicken Caesar Salad

q: A chicken was flying when it laid an egg. Why didn't the egg break?
a: Because it was wearing underwear.

q: What did the grand child say to his drowning grandpa?
a: Paddle Pop!

q: What did the pillar say when he forgot to wish his friend happy birthday?
a: I'll column later.

q: What do you call a werewolf that knows it's a werewolf?
a: A self-awarewolf.

q: How does one respond to a black guy sending you a dick pic?
a: TL;DR

q: Which laptop has the most pleasant speakers?
a: A Dell

q: Why did Martin Luther King have so many pink shirts?
a: He was against separating the whites from the coloreds.

q: What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical?
a: Rent.

q: What do you call 6.022 x 10^23 avocados?
a: A guacamole.

q: What did the pedophiliac rabbi say to the young boy?
a: Hey there little boy, you wanna BUY some candy?

q: How can you tell if a loaf of bread is a boy or girl?
a: Feel around for the dough nuts

q: What seperates man from animal?
a: Divorce! 

q: What do you call a weird Russian?
a: Off-Putin.

q: What is easy to get into, but hard to get out of?
a: Addiction

q: how do you know when a prescription is being written for bulimia?
a: when the directions for use say take one pill twice a day

q: What's a Russian's favorite service provider?
a: Sprint.

q: What's a mathematician's favorite drug?
a: dx/dc

q: Why couldn't the snowman spend his money?
a: Cause his assets were frozen.

q: Why was the snowman smiling?
a: He saw the snowblower coming

q: What's the difference between an Iraqi middle school and a terrorist training camp?
a: Fuck if I know, I just fly the drone.

q: What does a Mexican duck say?
a: GUACK

q: Pete and Marco Rubio are on a boat. Pete falls off. Who is left?
a: Marco Rubio

q: Why is that Bono still hasn't found what he's looking for?
a: Because he's always standing by The Edge.

q: Why did Bill Clinton say NO to testosterone meds?
a: He was afraid of ending up like Hillary.

q: Why is morning wood full of holes?
a: Because the woodpecker.

q: What's "Bob" backwards?
a: Some guy named Robert facing the wrong direction.  (I understand this is a lame joke, but it always goes over well at parties, so you're welcome).

q: What does Cam Newton and Fig Newton have in common?
a: They both crumble under pressure

q: What's the difference between a hooker and an onion?
a: I cry when I cut up onions.

q: Why did the marijuana addict lose the race?
a: He was running on fumes.

q: What did the shy pebble wish for?
a: That it could be a little bolder!

q: Why was Jimmy so excited to go to Clown College?
a: He got a fool scholarship.

q: What do you call a fat North Korean?
a: Supreme Leader.

q: Why cant #alllivesmatter?
a: Its Racist!

q: How does a penguin make a decision?
a: Flipper coin. Again, I shall take my leave.

q: What is the best city to stream a movie?
a: Buffa lo

q: What s the difference between an ostridge ?
a: it can neither fly

q: What do you call a dog with no tongue?
a: Dirty bollocks

q: What do you call a German sausage fest?
a: Wurst orgy ever.

q: What can a goose do, that a duck can't, that a lawyer should ?
a: Stick his bill up his ass. 

q: what is a short, yet a long password?
a: 1 to 8

q: Why are most demolitions experts happy?
a: They get the best blow jobs in town.

q: How do you know you're kissing a french horn player?
a: They try to stick their hand up your butt.

q: Why are Gametes good at marketing?
a: Sex cells!

q: What's yellow and can't swim?
a: A bulldozer

q: What goes in hard and comes out soft and sticky?
a: Gum. 

q: Why is school like a boner?
a: It's long and hard...unless you're asian.

q: What's the difference between obese and morbidly obese?
a: Obese is when you can't see your own genitals, morbidly obese is when you can't see your own genitals in the mirror.

q: What do you call Kurt Russel playing an archaeologist?
a: Kurt Fossil

q: How to piss of a reddit moderator?
a: [Removed]

q: Why is it bad that Peyton Manning shilled for Budweiser?
a: Because he clearly owed the win to Miller. 

q: Why is a fire truck always red?
a: Cause you'd be mad too if someone kept pulling your hose. 

q: What is Victoria's Secret?
a: 'Her' real name is Victor!

q: Why couldn't the boy keep his documents open when he left a window open in winter?
a: Because it was too Win+D

q: What did Will Smith's toe say to his face?
a: I am leg end.

q: What did one pimple say to the other?
a: If you're busted, run.

q: Why did the Broncos wear white jerseys in Super Bowl 50?
a: Because it's hard to catch a white bronco in California.

q: How did the stoner propose to his girlfriend?
a: Marriage, you wanna?

q: a blonde and a brunette jump off a building, who reach the floor first?
a: The brunette, the Blonde stop it midway to ask for directions.

q: What did the male computer say to the female computer?
a: What did the male computer say to the female computer? He said: "Ay gurl, I'd like to put my twisted-pair cable into your RJ45 jack so I can fill you up with my sweet, sweet data frames".

q: Why did the bible cross the street?
a: To get to the other genocide.

q: What do you call a chicken staring at a head of lettuce?
a: Chicken sees-a salad

q: How do you make the hippie run out of money?
a: You hide daddies credit card under a bar of soap. 

q: How does a black man ride a black stallion?
a: With no legs.

q: Who would win in a fight between John Cena and Chuck Norris?
a: Depends on who wrote the script.

q: Why can't Stevie Wonder see his kids?
a: Because he's black.

q: Boss: Where were you born?
a: Boss: Where were you born? Santa : India. Boss: which part? Santa : What 'which part'? Whole body was born in India.

q: Why are millionaires bad at swimming?
a: Because they drown at their own wealth Edit: I got down voted :( I thought of that in my head and just wanted to share it

q: Have you been to Iran?
a: You shouldn't go, I heard they don't like joggers there.

q: What do you call a barista with big tits?
a: K-Cups

q: What did the Puerto Rican dish say when he lost his Android?
a: Where'd mofongo?

q: Do you know why doctors are prescribing medical marijuana for arthritis?
a: Because the definition of arthritis is inflammation of the joints

q: How do we confirm life on another planet?
a: If you find a rare Pepe drawn the disk.

q: What's the most common pickup line at a gay bar?
a: May I please push in your stool?

q: What did the rising sun say to the morning dew?
a: You will be mist.

q: Where do Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton go to worship?
a: the olebitchuary

q: Why did the clam get in an accident?
a: He was talking on his shellphone.

q: How many people with OCD does it take to fix a lightbulb?
a: Only one, but they have to turn it on and off 50 times before they're sure it's fixed.

q: How do you call a person from France, with whom you have casual sex?
a: French with benefits.

q: Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill?
a: It ran out of juice. I shall take my leave now.

q: What do Dave Mirra and The Offspring have in common?
a: No Self Esteem!

q: Do you know what the secret of encouragement is?
a: Of course you don't. 

q: What does Cam Newton have in common with a Fig Newton?
a: They are both soft and crumble under pressure. 

q: Ever wonder why Dallas Cowboy fans are so rich?
a: Because they never have to pay for super bowl tickets!

q: What do you call a sick eagle?
a: Illegal.

q: What do Russians call their barbers?
a: Combrade

q: Why cant Miss Piggy count to 70?
a: Because when she gets to 69 she ends up with a frog in her throat.

q: What's the most obvious slang word in the Star Wars universe?
a: Yo, duh.

q: How do you get wishes from cheese?
a: You fed-a-genie! 

q: Do you know what Minnesota doesn't have?
a: Super Bowl Babies.

q: How do you keep a clown from laughing?
a: Hit him in the face with an axe.

q: What was the old man in despair about?
a: Nothing.

q: What is Jesus' favorite band?
a: Nine Inch Nails

q: What bands did they hire to play at the Developmental Disability Conference?
a: System of a Downs  My Chemical Imbalance.  Youth In Asia  

q: Why have the French lost the war?
a: They have to eat a dessert after each meal.

q: What do you call a chicken staring at a lettuce?
a: Chicken sees a salad

q: Who's the opposite of Willem Dafoe?
a: Willem DaFriend.

q: Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election?
a: To Make America Great Again

q: How do you start a racist joke?
a: With a small million dollar loan from his father. 

q: Whats the difference between two dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke. 

q: Whats the difference between a zippo and a hippo?
a: One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter. 

q: What does a power ranger say before they do drugs?
a: It's morphine time!

q: What's a Sicilian terrorists favorite treat?
a: Italian ISIS'

q: A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest?
a: The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.

q: Why did I throw my phone out of my window?
a: Because I turned on airplane mode, and thought it would turn my Iphone into a plane...

q: Why do rednecks make the best sandwiches?
a: Because they are in bread.

q: Why was the archeologist sad?
a: His career was in ruins.

q: What do you get when you throw a baby against a wall?
a: An erection

q: Why do elephants drink so much?
a: To forget

q: Semi clean jokes that aren't pervy and don't include death?
a: I hope I'm okay to post a request - I'm in a hospital with my mother-in-law who continues to have small strokes as a result of her cancer. She can understand what we are saying but can only say yes and no. Most important she can laugh when she hears a good joke. This is where you can help. I need some semi-clean jokes or puns that don't involve pervy behavior or death. Scrolling through   is hit and miss so I'm hopeful you could help with a special request. 

q: What does Joe Pesci order at Burger King?
a: An angry wopper. 

q: You ever been to the strip club on that ice planet?
a: I heard it's pretty Hoth

q: Why did the stressed out zombie go on vacation?
a: He needed some time to himself to decompose. 

q: what's the best part about electing Hillary Clinton?
a: Being able to pay her 33% less

q: What is the best part about having sex with twenty eight year-olds?
a: There are twenty of them.

q: Which joke is better?
a: How many tickles does it take to tickle an   octopus? Ten tickles.  How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten tickles.

q: What do you call someone who points out the obvious?
a: Someone who points out the obvious.

q: Have you heard that president Assad has been making cheese?
a: He's been getting the Kurds out of the whey                             (credit to Sambo85 - Sikipedia)

q: What did the urologist say to his physician before he hired him?
a: URINE.  I'll let myself out.

q: Why can't you trust girls?
a: ...because you can't trust something that bleeds for days and doesn't die.

q: What's the difference between Finebros and Humiliation pornstars?
a: Humiliation pornstars get the money they want.

q: How much does it cost to clean up Germany?
a: About 6 million.

q: How do you piss of an archaeologist?
a: Hand him a tampon and ask what period it's from.

q: How do you cure depression?
a: A gun.

q: Have you guys heard about Wendys?
a: Wendys nuts going to be in that mouth

q: Why doesn't America knock?
a: Because freedom rings

q: What does ISIS call wine snobs?
a: Zinfandels!!!!!!

q: What do cannibals call a fajita made out of a vagina?
a: A fajita. 

q: Why Twitter deleted so many terrorist accounts recently?
a: Otherwise they'd kill all the 140 characters.

q: What's Pink and Hard???
a: A Pig with a Flip Knife.

q: (Warning - Shitty Pun) What do you call a mentally-deficient louse?
a: A   I'll see myself out now.

q: Why was the little boy speaking gibberish?
a: Because he lost his marbles.

q: Where do poor Italians live?
a: A spaghetto.

q: What did the boy tell the priest in the confessional?
a: Nothing. It's rude to talk with your mouth full.

q: What do you get when you combine a black guy and an octopus?
a: nobody knows actually but it will be perfect for picking cotton.

q: What do the Superbowl and the OJ Simpson Saga have in common?
a: They both feature a slow, old, white bronco.

q: Son: Dad how do stars die?
a: Dad: Drugs, Usually

q: How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard-of-hearing?
a: HEY!!! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!?!

q: Why can't you take a shower with a pokemon?
a: Cause they'll Pikachu

q: What do you call a black woman whose had an abortion?
a: A crimefighter

q: What kind of joke do peeping Toms like?
a: In-ya-window

q: What did the proctologist say to the pirate?
a: Show me your booty.

q: Why doesn't r/jokes like fencers?
a: Because they always riposte.

q: What is green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree might kill you?
a: A pool table.

q: What do you call a computer with an amazing singing voice?
a: A Dell.

q: Did you see the story about the missing dolphin?
a: I'd tell you more about it but there's really no porpoise...

q: What do you call a chicken looking at a lettuce?
a: Chicken sees-a-salad

q: What do you call a bad joke about prostitutes?
a: Whorrible. 

q: Why didn't anyone like the bread store owner?
a: He was pretty loafsome

q: what does my dad and christmas crackers have in common?
a: they show up once a year to make me cringe with their dad jokes, and then give me a shitty gift.

q: Why do they call it "Ben Folds Five"?
a: Because he folds five penises and puts them into little drawers!

q: Hey girl, are you an F5 key?
a: Cause that ass is refreshing.

q: What is green and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit's fingers 

q: What kind of pistol should you use to shoot a bear?
a: The one with the smallest barrel. It hurts the least when the bear shoves it up your ass. 

q: What's the difference between 3 and 13?
a: Nothing, they both have 1 3

q: Why did the teacher have trouble controlling her pupils?
a: She was cross eyed.

q: How did Metallica get their band name?
a: They Bonded over lunch.

q: What do you call a dog who digs for bones?
a: A Bark-aeologist

q: What do Lena Dunham & ISIS have in common ?
a: They both love stoning women.

q: What did one otter say to the other otter?
a: Otter you up to?

q: What do you call a man with no feet and is allergic to milk?
a: Lack-toes intolerant 

q: How do you sell a chicken to a deaf man?
a: (pause....)  WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN??!! (SHOUTING)

q: How did the prostitute get a job at the zoo?
a: They heard she could handle a cockatoo.

q: Where do post go when they die in Reddit?
a: Everywhere else. 

q: Do you want to be the greatest superhero of all?
a: Be Alfredo and take out the damn trash. Just told my son this, he hates me now.

q: What do you call a mouthwash for tiny scientists?
a: Microscope

q: What do you call an Asian who acts like he is black?
a: A ripe bananna

q: Have you ever wondered why wizards are such snobs?
a: I mean thanks guys. Driving around on flying motor cycles and letting use fossil fuels until we fuck up the planet. Thanks guys. I don't even wanna go to Hogwarts any more

q: What does an epileptic vegetarian eat?
a: Seizure salad

q: Why doesn't God like pizza?
a: Because he doesn't exist.

q: What did the redditor do with the embarrassing naked picture he found of himself?
a: Throwaway, for obvious reasons.

q: What do you call group of mentally handicapped kids at a performance of "Peter Pan"?
a: Slow Children At Play

q: What does a hippy tell you when you ask them to leave?
a: Namaste

q: Do you think you'll get fake teeth when you're old and gray?
a: Might as well. Nothing dentured, nothing gained.

q: How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive?
a: One terrorbyte.

q: Why did the foreigner vote for Trump?
a: He heard he would get to watch the inauguration on a plane

q: What did the chemist say when he caught his brother stealing halogens?
a: Bro, mine 

q: If you spin an Asian person around, what do they become?
a: Disoriented.

q: Where do really smart birds roost?
a: In a dictonaerie. 

q: Why are Mexicans good at bow hunting?
a: Because they hav-an-arrow!  :D

q: What's the opposite of effort?
a: F it. 

q: What's it like being frozen to absolute zero?
a: It's 0K.

q: What do you call a person that ran away but changed their minds?
a: Canteloupe

q: how is bungee jumping like having sex?
a: a life depends on whether or not the rubber breaks

q: What do you call Shia LaBeouf's alter ego?
a: Inertia.

q: Why could Hitler become Fuhrer?
a: Because he had the upper hand

q: What do you call a comedian that can't get a girl pregnant?
a: Carl Barron

q: What do you call a short cowboy?
a: Subdude

q: How Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex?
a: Threesome.

q: What do you call a bunch of gay slaves?
a: Fruits of labor.

q: What do you call a nomadic neanderthal?
a: A meanderthal. 

q: What is the main material used in the manufacture of TIE fighters?
a: TIE tanium

q: What's DJ Khaled's favourite number?
a: 11, Because it has another 1.

q: Q: Have you ever tasted Ethiopian food?
a: A: Neither have they!

q: Why is Trump's suits made from the same material as panties?
a: What else do you cover a cunt with?

q: How much...?
a: How much dick could a dik-dik lick if a dik-dik could lick dick?

q: Did you hear about the man who was into asphyxiation and vegetables?
a: He liked being artichoked.

q: What app do nervous ppl order on dates?
a: Chicken Tinders.

q: Have you heard that rumour about butter?
a: I probably shouldn't spread it.

q: Why can a penguin never win Best Actor?
a: Because it is part black.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs?
a: Matt. No arms and no legs in a swimming pool? Bob.

q: What kind of computer can also sing?
a: A Dell.

q: What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
a: Their last big hit was the wall.

q: Whats the difference between an Audi and a porcupine?
a: With a porcupine, the pricks are on the outside

q: How long is a pedicure?
a: 2 feet.

q: How many dead hooker's in your basement does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Well, it's not 4

q: What does your sex life have in common with a highway bridge?
a: If you have weight limits you aren't going to see as much traffic.  

q: How did the sheep get a Nobel Prize?
a: It was out standing in its field!

q: Why were the Native Americans in America before us?
a: They had reservations.

q: A geologist hit a man with his car. What crime is he accused of?
a: Vesicular Basalt 

q: What do you call a constipated German?
a: Farfrompoopin.

q: What type of rock is this Holmes?
a: It's sedimentary my dear Watson!

q: Why does Iraq have no Walmarts?
a: Because there's a Target on every corner.

q: What was Lenin's favourite film?
a: Tsar Wars episode III: Revenge of the scythe.

q: What do you call a centaur that works as a prostitute?
a: A whorse.

q: Why did the arsonist get kicked off the basketball team?
a: He kept getting pyro-technicalities.

q: What is the Difference Between a Pretentious Asshole, and a Brilliant Artist?
a: About 6 feet.

q: When does a gas become a liquid?
a: When it stains your underwear.

q: A blue man lives in a blue house, a red man lives in a red house, who lives in the white house?
a: Donald Trump.

q: What's the difference between a politician and a computer?
a: logic

q: What would you call a porn parody of "The Incredibles"?
a: "The Amateurs".

q: What do you call a Chinese cameraman?
a: Phil Ming

q: What is a baby's favorite Fall Out Boy song?
a: Thanks For The Mammaries

q: What did the homeless man get for christmas ?
a: Hypothermia.

q: Whats the difference between a house cat and a polecat ?
a: How much their husbands make 

q: What's in the toilet of the Star Ship enterprise?
a: The captains log

q: Who leaked all of Reddit's most sensitive secrets?
a: Edward Snooden.

q: What is another word for Pokmon?
a: A Rastafarian Proctologist

q: What is a Chinese person's favorite wound?
a: Bruise Lee. I'll see myself out.

q: What did the woman say to her husband who constantly turns the heater up way too high?
a: "This is why we can't have ice things!"

q: Why did kurt pull the trigger?
a: He couldn't get hole out of his head

q: What do you call a 20 year old spaceship that whines all the time and never wants to run properly?
a: The Millenial Falcon.

q: Girl, are you the New Deal?
a: Because I can feel my infrastructure expanding.

q: Why does an ethiopian baby cry?
a: He's having a midlife crisis.

q: How many feminist does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they don't change anything.

q: What did 'b' say to his friend 'e' after 'e' saved his life?
a: AY E! I O U edit: added Y

q: Why doesn't Hitler play table tennis?
a: Because he's dead.

q: What's the most immature gaming console?
a: Ninutendo 69

q: What's the difference between jews and girl scouts?
a: The girl scouts come back from the camp.

q: What's the difference between YouTube and Redtube?
a: My YouTube experience lasts longer than 10 seconds.

q: What does Facebook and a conversation between two teenagers have in common?
a: A lot of likes

q: What's the difference between the space shuttle and a 2.5 kiloton bomb?
a: The crew.

q: What is the black kid getting for Christmas?
a: Your T.V.

q: What do a pirate wench and an alcoholic have in common?
a: They've both got a little Captain in them.

q: What do you call a sheep taking Ambien?
a: Shleepy!

q: Did I tell you about my old girl friend with only one leg?
a: Unfortunately we broke up. Turns out she leans both ways. 

q: How do you put an elephant in a Safeway bag?
a: Take the "s" out of Safe and the "f" out of way.

q: What type of punch hurts kids the most?
a: A sandy hook

q: How is air like sex?
a: It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.

q: What is Canadian graffiti like?
a: Canadian graffiti be like,  F WORD  (sorry) 

q: Where are the best leaders made?
a: Flint, Michigan.

q: What's the best part about sex with 28-year-olds?
a: There are twenty of them. (   ) (v)

q: How much toilet paper do people use on a daily basis?
a: A shit ton.

q: Whats the similarities between black people and bikes?
a: Both cant work without chains.

q: What's on the inside of a clean nose?
a: Fingerprints. 

q: Are you a beaver?
a: ...'cuz damn. 

q: Why is the fungus such a hypocrite?
a: because it doesn't have mushroom to talk.

q: What kind of ice cream runs for president?
a: neapolititian

q: What does poker and sex have in common?
a: When she flops the nuts, it really hurts.

q: what did the kid say when asked about elections?
a: If they last more than 4 hours, you need to call a doctor.

q: Why are most male politicians gay?
a: They can only mandate.

q: What is another name for a pregnant Mexican dog?
a: A puppy piata

q: What do you get when Hulk holds the American Flag?
a: The Star Spangled Banner! 

q: Why can't Floyd Mayweather Jr drink pints quickly?
a: Because he's only a lightweight.

q: Is it ok to have sex with a third cousin?
a: I didn't seem to have any problems with the first two. 

q: Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?
a: Because it was dead.

q: What happens when batman takes viagra?
a: The dark knight rises 

q: Why is the Chinese language called Mandarin?
a: They're not orange for fuck's sake, shouldn't it be called Lemon?

q: What do you call batman when he skips church?
a: Christian Bale

q: How did voldemort look like when he was hiding in albania?
a: Pretty gaunt

q: What's the difference between the stock market and women?
a: With the stock market you can only lose when you pull out.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a baby who just got HIV?
a: I didn't rape Donald Trump

q: Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocaine during a root canal?
a: His goal: transcend dental medication.

q: What's long and white?
a: The line to Starbucks.

q: Where is Disturbed's favorite vacation spot?
a: Hawa-a-ai-i

q: What caused Captain Morgan's shipwreck?
a: He was on the rocks.

q: What did the mathematician's apprentice say when he didn't get acknowledged?
a: Notice me sin() !!!

q: Why do Canadians like to do it doggy style?
a: So they can both watch the hockey game :D

q: Have you ever had Somalian food?
a: Neither have they.

q: What did the fisher say to the fishkin?
a: Catch you later

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich?
a: I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.

q: What happened when fire and the wheel were invented?
a: People got lit and turnt.

q: You want to know why we couldn't put together an Eighties Music Festival?
a: It was to much of a cluster-funk.

q: Hey Reddit, Guess What?
a: Chicken Butt...

q: Did you hear the one about three holes in the ground?
a: Well, well, well...

q: Why is the dating app called Tinder?
a: When you left-swipe, all of your matches go up in flames.

q: What did the blindman say when he walked by the fish market?
a: Helllllllloooooo  (insert your mother's/wife's/sister's/grandmother's name here.)

q: What do you call a rich black man?
a: A tycoon.

q: Sunbathing on the beach, the wife came up to me asked what I thought of her flip flops?
a: Bloody horrible I said "Put your bikini top back on"

q: What is your best sushi-related joke or pun?
a: My dad and I are going out for sushi tonight, and he has rescheduled this dinner with me several times for dumb reasons (one night was because he randomly decided to go out drinking instead). Would love to get my revenge by making sushi puns and jokes all night, but Google is failing me--I've only been able to find jokes that either make no sense, or are just not funny at all. Help! 

q: A tree falls in the forest and kills a baby, whos fault is it?
a: The lumberjack

q: Got any nuts?
a: Friend: Got any nuts? Me: Yes Friend: I'm totally jacking them

q: How can you see if a Hairdresser is not suitable for the job anymore?
a: He/she barely even cuts it anymore.

q: What do you call a rapist with shaved pubes?
a: A smooth criminal

q: What did Tarzan say when he saw a heard of elephants?
a: Oh look! A heard of elephants.

q: So Clinton won 6 out of 6 coin tosses in Iowa?
a: I guess all the money really is behind her!

q: Why are there so many more men in the military?
a: Because ladies go in first. 

q: Why would you rather run into a bmw driver than a cactus?
a: Because it's easier to deal with just one prick

q: Why do tigers eat raw meat?
a: Because they don't know how to cook!

q: What do you call a man with three cocks?
a: A farmer

q: What is the first question you ask a baby cow, after its gotten over an illness?
a: How are you vealing?

q: How could I forget, mate?
a: At an Australian parliament meeting, two guys were shouting back and forth and one said: "I am a country member!" and the other said: "Oh, I remember!"

q: What is the Hamburglar's favorite David Bowie song?
a: Rebel Rebel!

q: What do you call 9 idiots who laugh at repetitive joke?
a: 9gag

q: What is the difference between a black man and a couch?
a: A couch can support a family

q: what do you call a feminist who secretly craves for men and also loves to swallow?
a: a semenist

q: I ask myself, what city has the most feminists?
a: Manhatin'

q: What do you call americans flying to space?
a: The plot for Wall-E

q: What did Treebeard say when he took a piss?
a: RELEASE THE RIVERRR!!!!!!!

q: What does a vagina and the Mafia have in comman?
a: One slip of the tongue and your in deep shit.

q: What did Mexico City say to his father before he left for college?
a: Ciudad

q: What do you do with epileptic lettuce?
a: You make a seizure salad.

q: What do you get when you have an Asian and MLP?
a: My Little Penis

q: What do you call 99% of /r/politics?
a: Bernd-wagoners!

q: What band's fanbase is the most charitable?
a: U2, they're all pro-bono.

q: If Sanders win the nomination, won't that make him mainstream?
a: There goes the hipster vote.

q: What is a pedophile's favorite soap opera?
a: The Young and The Breast-less

q: What's the difference between a necrophiliac and someone with a granny fetish?
a: A couple of weeks

q: What did the Shit Summoner say at the bar ?
a: Mind if I pull up a stool  ? 

q: What do you call it when somebody kills a perfect circle of religious leaders?
a: A 360 No-Pope

q: What do you call a professional tennis player that keeps serving out?
a: Novak Chokeovic

q: What did the driver say to the one-legged hitchhiker?
a: Hop in.

q: Why did Kennedy throw his head back?
a: He was taking a shot. 

q: What do you call an explanation of an Asian cooking show?
a: A wok-through.

q: Why did the rich guy crash his car?
a: He wanted to see how the Mercedes bends

q: What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you?
a: A pool table. 

q: Why do all black people have nightmares?
a: Because the last one to have a dream got shot.

q: Why doesn't Jesus play hockey anymore?
a: He kept on getting nailed into the boards.

q: How does Michael Jackson Beat It?
a: With the Jackson Five

q: What's a Mexican sound technician's favorite cereal?
a: AudiO's

q: Why is air a lot like sex?
a: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any. 

q: Why can't British people go to North Korea?
a: Nobody at the ticket counter knows what "north career" means

q: Why was the fire alarm in the trash?
a: Cus they're annoying and fucking useless

q: Did you hear about the suspect who's alibi was that he was at a restaurant?
a: Well the restaurant Carraba-rated his story.

q: What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Jewish mother?
a: Eventually the Rottweiler lets go.

q: Would you like to hear a joke about pizza?
a: Never mind, its too cheesy!

q: Why aren't puns called pows?
a: It is a play on words, after all

q: Why don't black people go on cruises?
a: They aren't falling for that again...

q: Why does an Ethiopian baby cry?
a: He's having a midlife crisis.

q: How do you shut down all the nuclear reactors in the world?
a: Tell the FineBros. about them

q: Whats the difference between a black guy and a bench?
a: A bench can support a family

q: How do 3rd world countries get clean water?
a: A-fric-an plumber

q: Wtf this movie was not at all like the book! Friend: It was, are you sure you read the book?
a: Sure I did. I read between the lines.

q: Should I have a baby after 25?
a: No, 25 is enough

q: What do you call two siblings that take your money?
a: Fine brothers

q: What's the best thing about having sex with twenty five year olds?
a: There are twenty of them.

q: Did you know Hellen Keller had a treehouse?
a: Neither did Hellen Keller.

q: Who is Patrick Swayze's favorite author?
a: Wodehouse!

q: What's an asexual person's favorite thing to do in the bedroom?
a: Fuckin' nothin'.  

q: Did you hear about those chicken proof yards?
a: They're impeckable.

q: What do you call a Japanese pirate?
a: J-Peg.

q: Did you fall from heaven?
a: So did the devil.

q: How do you circumcise a hillbillly?
a: Kick his sister in the chin.

q: What do you call a prostitute on her period?
a: Hormonal.

q: How does Mario talk to the dead?
a: With a luigi board. Made this joke up about 10 years ago while trying to think of terrible laffy taffy jokes.

q: How do programmers say 'I love you!' ?
a: You are my MSB.

q: Did you hear about the pirate who wanted to cut hair for a living?
a: He moved to the barbery coast.

q: What does as electronic engineer make for breakfast?
a: Ohmlettes

q: Wanna read the worst joke ever?
a: The worst joke ever. 

q: Do you like dragons?
a: I'll be dragon deez nuts across ya head shortly. 

q: Why's Guantanamo Bay full of actors?
a: Because they all shot pilots.

q: Why does America spell colour without the u?
a: because fuck u 

q: How did the mermaid prostitute make all her money?
a: Blue whales

q: What do you call half a ginger?
a: George.

q: Does almond milk come from crazy cows?
a: Cause they gotta be nuts, right?

q: Why did Michael Jackson always lose in a race?
a: Because he always came in a lil behind.

q: What's DJ Khaled's favorite number?
a: 11, because it has another one.

q: What is a bigot?
a: A bigot is anyone winning an argument with a liberal. 

q: What is the best place for politicians?
a: Election posters. There they are portable, silent and easy to remove. 

q: What does Yao Ming stand for?
a: When he sits down it takes too long to get back up.

q: What's grey and comes in litres?
a: An elephant.  Apologies if this is a repost - heard it yesterday and had to share.

q: How do I know that Trump will be our next president?
a: Because Orange is the new Black.

q: Why are all these jokes about unhappy relationships?
a: Said my wife as she looked over my shoulder. What a nosy fucking bitch.

q: Don't you hate it when people ask for upvotes?
a: Upvote if you agree.

q: Did you hear about the new Fairy BDSM book?
a: Fifty Shades of Fae.

q: Why do women die from suicide five times less than men?
a: Because they can't climb high enough on the corporate ladder.

q: What do people with memory loss and posters on r/jokes have in common?
a: They both say the same jokes over and over again.

q: How did the sun die?
a: It went to Detroit. 

q: What do you call a virus named Enza that causes the flu?
a: a flu Enza. Thanks a lot everyone, I looked forward to this day for a long time.

q: What would you call a Pokemon Trainer if they were Jewish?
a: Ashe.

q: What do you say to your laces to make them go away?
a: Shoo laces

q: Do you know what "La Quinta" means in Spanish?
a: Next to Denny's

q: What kind of operating system do horses use?
a: None.  Horses are not known to use operating systems nor computers for that matter.

q: What does the ghost of Al Pacino say?
a: Boo-ah!

q: Where do cotton balls come from?
a: Male cotton plants

q: What did Adele say when the chicken crossed the road?
a: Hello from the other side...

q: Why don't Jews like to give rim jobs?
a: Because it's too close to the gas chamber. I'll show myself out

q: How many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have?
a: Limbitless

q: Did you hear about the guy who'd just broken up with his Asian girlfriend?
a: He felt a little disoriented.

q: What does an amoeba call its friend?
a: Cell mate.

q: What do you call homeless BDSM?
a: Vagabondage.

q: Who's the biggest player in the Hundred Acre Wood?
a: Eeyore, he's always chasing that tail.

q: Why are gay guys so good at moving?
a: They are used to getting their shit packed

q: How does a mathematician deal with constipation?
a: He grabs a pencil and tries to work it out

q: What did the giant wave say to the man?
a: Nothing he just waved. Sea what I did there? Sorry sometimes I get a bit carried away, it like a tsunami of puns. Water these puns! they're horrible, I'll stop now.

q: How did jew get beer?
a: He brew

q: Why was there a dyslexic stormtrooper?
a: Sith happens.

q: How do you change the light bulb in the dark?
a: You don't. The police shoot you.

q: what did 0 say to the 8?
a: nice belt

q: What color are mirrors?
a: I don't know, let's reflect on this.

q: What do you call a woman who loves small dicks?
a: Hopefully your girlfriend

q: What Slenderman doesnt have?
a: Facebook.

q: Did you hear about the guy who eating crackers in bed?
a: He felt crumby the next day. 

q: Why is leather armor the best for sneaking?
a: Because it's made of hide

q: If r/jokes was a person, what organ would he be having problems with?
a: De-liver

q: Do you know why there are so many great bakeries in Germany?
a: They had to do   with all of the ovens.

q: What is a spacemans favorite chocolate?
a: A marsbar!

q: What was Bin Laden's favourite brand?
a: Jihadidas.

q: Have you heard the news about the courduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines!

q: Isn't it great to live in 21st century ?
a: Where deleting history has become more important than making one. 

q: What does the train use to fuel it's gaming addiction?
a: Steam. I'm so sorry.

q: Why were 80% of Chicago police dash cams broken?
a: Because you need to warm up before you kill a nigga.

q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
a: Dad.

q: What do you call John Cena in camouflage?
a: Redundant

q: Why couldn't the Mod get into the club?
a: He never got banned.

q: Why is it good that the Vietnamese man won first place?
a: It's a Nguyen-win situation.

q: What did Leonardo DaVinci call his house?
a: The DaVinci Abode

q: What is the difference between the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Twin Towers?
a: Better reflexes.

q: What do Kim Kardashian and her dad have in common?
a: They both got famous for getting a black man off.

q: What do you call a man chasing a car?
a: What do you call a man chasing a car? -Exhausted What do you call a man being chased by a car? -Tired

q: Hey John, we expend every night together watching the moon and the stars. What we are?
a: We are security guards Peter!

q: What do they call eating pussy at a Convent?
a: Getting in the habit!

q: What do you call a black woman that has had seven abortions?
a: A crime fighter

q: Why was the gay triceratops so frustrated?
a: Because he couldn't find any tricerabottoms!

q: Those Islamic's coming to america?
a: Hostages.

q: How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: OVER 9000

q: Who's the coolest guy at the hospital?
a: The ultra sound guy.

q: Why do conspiracy theorists have such long beards?
a: Because they don't know how to use Occam's razor

q: What do nails like to do on the weekend?
a: Get hammered. 

q: Teacher: If a chicken give you meat, a pig give you bacon, what does a fat cow give you?
a: Student: HOMEWORK!

q: What do you call a man who can smell the future?
a: Nostrildamus 

q: Why Does Captain Kirk Have 3 Ears?
a: He's got his left ear, his right ear...and the final front ear.

q: How do you make pickle bread?
a: You need dill dough.

q: What did the little boy with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What do you get when you mix pie and onions?
a: Opinions! 

q: What do you call a fight between a Mexican and Jared Fogle?
a: Alien vs Predator.

q: What should be done in case of apparent drowning?
a: Take the parent out of the water

q: Why can't blind kids have imaginary friends?
a: Their i's don't work

q: Math teacher: What is the value of x?
a: Student: She was my life.

q: What's the difference between Bill Cosby and Lena Dunham?
a: Lena Dunham wrote the book about it. 

q: BB8, are you hungry?
a: No, BB8.

q: What do you call Alan Jackson eating Pho Soup?
a: Honky Tonkinese.

q: What did the physics professor shout when he disproved Hooke's Law in early to mid March?
a: Spring break!

q: What is grey, very big and when it falls out of a tree the stove breaks?
a: The stove. 

q: If Amy Schumer was a football player, what team would she play for?
a: The Stealers.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a nun in a bath?
a: One has a soul full of hope and the other has a hole full of soap.

q: What's the difference between the charismatics and the nacists?
a: 45

q: Everyone keeps guessing who Rey's parents are, but who delivered her as a baby?
a: OB-Gyn Kenobi

q: What does a mod do in their spare time?
a: [Deleted]

q: What's the difference between a magicians wand and a police baton?
a: The magician's wand is used for cunning stunts

q: Why was the Bears-Packers tie called off?
a: Only one side was game

q: Why was the Turkey v Germany match called off?
a: There were too many fowls.

q: What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer?
a: Ash.

q: What's the difference between a rabbi and a priest?
a: The rabbi cuts them off, the priest sucks them off.

q: Did you hear the one about Jerry Sandusky molesting kids?
a: If not, it's okay - neither did the Police.

q: What's the difference between a joke and three dicks?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: How do you look for Will Smith?
a: Look for Fresh Prints

q: What are a Mexican's favorite dimensions for square dancing?
a: dos y dos

q: What's the safest font?
a: Helmetica.

q: What did the Nazi Officer say when he saw the Americans approaching?
a: Au Schwitz!

q: You know how some people make food exactly as it appears on the cookbook?
a: I guess you could say they made copy and pasta.

q: What's the Mexican version of the KKK?
a: Que? Que? Que?

q: What was Jesus's favorite band?
a: Nine Inch Nails.

q: What do you call a student that graduates bottom of their class in Med school?
a: A doctor.

q: what do you call an American Tardis?
a: a reTardis   

q: What's the difference between pussy and actuall pussy?
a: I dont know, I've only seen kittens out of those two.

q: What does Mike Tyson use to represent his sewing skills?
a: A thymbol

q: How did they know Christa McAuliffe had dandruff?
a: They found her head and shoulders on the beach

q: Whats the difference between a dirts bus stop and a crab with big boobs?
a: One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. 

q: What do you call a pizza who's a DJ?
a: DJ Beazza Yes it's a stupid pun, but that's a good 50% of my humor, the other half being sarcasm.

q: A bird pooped on my head today...Am I gonna die?
a: I mean, I'm kinda worried about getting sick from it but mostly I hope this made someone's day.

q: What did the adrenaline addict say to the serial killer?
a: "Why are we even friends?"

q: Why the long face?
a: "A horse walks into the bar and the bartender comes over and says, 'Why the long face?'" - Not my original for sure, but always makes me smirk.

q: What's the difference between squash and zucchini?
a: You can't zucchini bugs! A family-friendly take on the age old "jam VS jelly" joke.

q: What is it called when your crush has a crush on you too?
a: Imagination.

q: Why do hipsters hate ice skating?
a: They could never do it before it was cool

q: What do you call a legend of Zelda fan theory?
a: Head Ganon

q: Why doesn't Kim Jong Un ever defecate?
a: Because he's too legit to shit.

q: What does Michael Jackson do when he gets kids to the top of the Empire State building?
a: Tosses them off.

q: Who is a man's best friend?
a: The sock, he's always there in hard times.

q: What did the fisherman and his girlfriend do last night?
a: Net fish and krill

q: What do you call a nun sleep walking?
a: A roamin' Catholic

q: What do you get in the Netherlands, when you fail your driving test three times?
a: A yellow license plate.

q: What kind of a battery does Dj Khaled use?
a: A Li-ion battery.

q: What is the difference between a black Jew and a white Jew?
a: Black Jews have to sit at the back of the gas chamber. 

q: Where does a prostitute go to rat out her pimp?
a: To a hoe-tell.

q: Did you hear about the tarpaulin conspiracy??
a: It was a massive coverup

q: What is Eminem's favourite food?
a: wraps

q: Where did Suzy go when the bombs fell?
a: Everywhere.

q: So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem?
a: comes out of nowhere.

q: Who Shot First? Boba Fett or Jango Fett?
a: Han Solo

q: How did Tarzan get his cry?
a: As he was about to swing to the next tree he said, "OK, Cheeta, hang on anywhere".

q: What's a Buddhist's favorite physics law?
a: Om's Law. 

q: Why is there so much "twang" in Country music?
a: It is the sound a guitar makes after six or seven generations of inbreeding.

q: What's the difference between a Trump rally and a Klan rally?
a: Several thousand yards of white fabric.

q: What is the difference between a girl in a church, and a girl in a bathtub?
a: The girl in the church has hope in her soul, and the girl In the bathtub has soap in her hole. 

q: What do you call a Nazi turkey?
a: Joseph Gobbles.

q: Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups of three?
a: Because the sign says no trespassing!

q: Are you addicted to masturbation?
a: Reach out to me and we can beat it together.

q: Why did the Mexican fail English 101?
a: He wouldn't turn in his essay

q: What are the pros and cons of wearing two watches?
a: On one hand, you have a watch... But on the other hand, you have a watch.

q: Why couldn't Moses believe his mother sent him away in a basket?
a: Because he was in de-nile

q: What hairstyle does Christopher Nolan get at the barber?
a: A director's cut

q: How is a Christmas tree like a man who's had a vasectomy?
a: They both have ornamental balls.

q: What do you call a group of scientists discussing different ways to recycle power?
a: A conversation of energy.

q: What does Bill Gates call it when someone drops a $20 bill on the ground?
a: Littering.

q: What has 2 legs and looses a lot of blood?
a: Half a dog

q: Why is only black people can call black people "nigga" but white people cannot ?
a: That's racist. White people should be able to call black people "nigga" like other black people.

q: What do you call a horse who goes freerunning?
a: Sarah Jessica Parkour 

q: What's a four letter word for "a butt load of fun"?
a: Anal

q: What should you use to make a boat explode?
a: A weapon of mast destruction.

q: What do white people and fences have in common?
a: They both get jumped by Mexicans.

q: Do you have elections in Japan?
a: Yes, I have one evely molning.

q: Why wouldn't the race car driver pick up the hitchhiker?
a: Because he didn't have enough vroom! 

q: Who won the Asian cooking contest?
a: It was a Thai!

q: Which company saw the end of disco coming from a mile away?
a: Discover.

q: How could batman possibly defeat superman?
a: Put him on a horse I'm now going to hell with the rest of you...

q: What do you call a Jewish vagina?
a: The Labia menorah.

q: Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
a: A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog

q: Why/How do bakers work?
a: They knead the dough.

q: What happens when a T-rex gets strep?
a: His throat becomes saurus.

q: What's the difference between a Harley and a hoover?
a: The position of the dirtbag.

q: What do UP! and push-up have in common?
a: First you have a great time, but after 5 minutes you end up crying.

q: What do you call a Transformer that engages in illegal activities?
a: Optimus  .

q: Do you remember how before social media nobody cared what, where and with whom you ate?
a: Still nobody cares.

q: Why do so many people hate circumcision?
a: It's a rip off.

q: Did you guys hear about how Mattel took back all those Terminator action figures?
a: It was a 

q: How did Whitney Houston take the drugs?
a: All at once. 

q: What's the difference between a black and a white fairy tale?
a: What's the difference between a black and a white fairy tale?  White fairy tales begin, "once upon a time,"  black fairy tales begin, "y'all motherfuckas ain't gonna believe dis shit!"

q: What do you call a female manager?
a: Miss. Management. 

q: What's the difference between Trump and a Tree?
a: Only one can get stumped...

q: What do Marie Curies Notebooks and a defected KGB agent have in common?
a: They both wont be investigated very closely.

q: What are the similarities between a donkey and a Sikh?
a: They both look incredibly cute when they are little.  They both grow up and go into the transportation business. Note: sikhs - or sardarji as they are commonly known in india - are the largest ethnic group in the truck driver profession.  Punjabi food is available on highways across the country.

q: How do you make a horomone?
a: You don't pay her. (My mom is sick. Hilarious. But sick. )

q: What does the flint water crises and Chicago PD have in common?
a: The amount of lead put into black people. (It was funnier over the radio)

q: What can't teenage girls do?
a: Even

q: What did they call Jesus Christ when he was crucified?
a: Holy

q: What's the Biggest Jobs Killer in the United States?
a: Pancreatic cancer.

q: Why did the robot cross the road?
a: Because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.

q: What do you call a Mexican who lost his car?
a: Carlos.

q: What's the best thing about finger blasting a gypsy on her period?
a: You get your palm red for free

q: At the sushi restaurant: What kind of eel is this?
a: Diner at the sushi restaurant: "What kind of eel is this?" Waiter: "Do you love it?" Diner: "yeah" Waiter: "Then, that's a moray" 

q: What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes?
a: White vans.

q: Why is a creative writing workshop the first step when training to become a firefighter?
a: Prose before Hose

q: How do you fit 4 gay men on a barstool?
a: Flip it over.

q: What do you call a really quiet dog?
a: A subwoofer.

q: What Australian city has the most cats?
a: Purrth.

q: How many Vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger?
a: Only one... if no one is looking!

q: Why did the blonde stare at the Ford?
a: It said Focus.

q: What do Baptists and cats have in common?
a: You know they're doing it, you just can't catch them at it.

q: What is the Technical name For IronMan Overreacting?
a: "Fe" male

q: What do you call a Marshmallow eaten by Aliens?
a: A Mars-mallow

q: What did the racist ghost say?
a: Wight Power!

q: Why couldn't I call back a Bernie Sanders volunteer?
a: Because they were using a Berner Phone.

q: What do you call a skinny tree that raps?
a: Slim Shady 

q: What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt?
a: Culture

q: What does the fat cow give you?
a: Teacher: "Kids, what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"

q: If humans have politics, then what do bees have?
a: POLLENtics

q: Why do woman have faces?
a: So you know what cunts yours.   I have to get a ratio of woman to man down/up votes for this haha..

q: You know how they say your smile is your strongest weapon?
a: Tell that to my friend who stood still smiling when a thief asked him for all his money

q: What deity has the worst teeth?
a: Tartarus

q: When is a mass shooting not a mass shooting?
a: When it involves energy, because energy had no mass.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of shit?
a: The bag.

q: How can Russia love pickles and vodka but hate gay people?
a: They have such similar interests

q: Why is it bad to mix Islam and Hinduism?
a: Because you might get Sikh

q: You want to see something intense?
a: Visit a campground.

q: What is the difference between a man and a woman?
a: Wo 

q: I asked my heart why I can't sleep at night?
a: Heart replied "because you slept in the afternoon, don't act like you're in love"

q: Why are portraits of George Washington displayed in British bathrooms?
a: Because nothing makes the British shit quicker than the sight of George Washington

q: What do you call a well-endowed Asian man?
a: Hung Lo

q: Time to start a race war. Which race is superior?
a: Come on guys. Daytona 500 or Indianapolis 500?

q: Why is Darth Vader black?
a: Because he left his son.

q: What do you call a gaming double entendre?
a: A Ninutendo

q: How do you make an Amish woman happy?
a: Three Men-A-Night

q: Where do polar bears go to deposit money?
a: A snowbank 

q: What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator was opened?
a: "Close that damn door! Can't you see I'm dressing??"

q: Why did Adele cross the road??
a: To say hello from the other side. 

q: What are Marios overalls made of?
a: denim denim denim

q: What's the difference between RPGs and Drunken Style Kung Fu?
a: In the first, you must drink a lot of liquids before battle, but in the latter, you only pretend.

q: What did I do when I had a bomb strapped to me chest?
a: Iran

q: What did Dorothy do to the mean Asian Munchkin?
a: She swallowed the yellow prick's load.

q: Why did black beard kill his first mate?
a: He kept singing, "your ho, your ho, a pirate's wife for me"

q: Why did Hugh Glass go to the doctor?
a: Because he felt grizzly after months of unbearable pain.

q: What does a calculus teacher say when a student doesn't get it?
a: Bro, do you even function?

q: Why do the best swimmers come from Flint, Michigan?
a: Because they're always in the lead. 

q: What do you call a cross between a human and a monkey?
a: A nigger.

q: What do you call a guitar that has completely changed parts?
a: Trans-Fender.

q: What is the difference between USA and USB?
a: One connects to all of your devices and accesses the data, the other is a hardware standard.

q: Why do aliens only abduct white people?
a: Because they are easier to see in the dark.

q: Who was the hide-and-seek champion of 2005?
a: Nobody knows, they haven't found him yet.

q: Why did the scarecrow earn an achievement award?
a: He was outstanding in his field

q: biggest joke ever?
a: The U.N

q: Why did the Indian cross the road?
a: To buy chikken tikka masala!

q: What is Bill Clintons favorite instrument to play?
a: His Whore-Monica

q: What if Stonehenge was made to satirize the achievements of mankind?
a: It'd be a ruined joke.

q: Why do honeydew melons have to get married in a formal ceremony?
a: Because they cantaloupe.

q: Did you hear about the movie based on an Australian dystopian future society?
a: Apparently it's a cross between Idiocracy and Mad Max....it's called Bogan's Run...

q: What sentence did the man who took 2 minutes to turn around get?
a: Man .

q: Why did the number of parking tickets spike after Persephone was carried off to the underworld?
a: Because Demeter stopped working.

q: What will you get when you put Donald Trump and politics together?
a: This joke

q: What type of car would the Hamburglar drive?
a: A Hamburghini.

q: How do jockeys stay on their horses?
a: Jockey straps.

q: What does a cat call its black best friend?
a: Its Maine Coon.

q: Why is Edward Snowden still in Russia?
a: The airport is Snowden

q: What is the definition of diplomacy?
a: The ability to tell a person to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.

q: What do you call a superfluous elephant?
a: Irelephant 

q: What fish tastes great with peanut butter?
a: Jellyfish

q: Why did the iguana get a prescription for viagra?
a: For his reptile dysfunction. 

q: Whats the fastest way into a woman's heart?
a: A pick-axe

q: What is worse than finding 100 dead babies in a trash bin?
a: Finding 1 dead Baby in 100 trash bins.

q: How is the world like a bag of jellybeans?
a: Nobody likes the black ones.

q: What is the frat guy's favorite ion?
a: Bromide

q: Why do the Vietnamese never eat fruits?
a: Because they had a bad experience with oranges.

q: How does Dr. Dre like to be told a story?
a: Chronic-logically. 

q: What did the Atlantic Ocean and Pacific Ocean say to each other?
a: Nothing, they just waved.

q: Why do skeletons have so many kids?
a: Because all they can do is bone. 

q: what does a clock do when it's hungry?
a: It goes back  !

q: What do you call the field of study for dad jokes?
a: ence

q: Why was it so hot in the stadium after the game?
a: Because all the fans left

q: Why is Reddit called "Reddit"?
a: The first name they came up with reminded them too much of olive oil.

q: How does a Space Marine from Warhammer 40K get fit?
a: By doing Squats.

q: What does Stalin do on a night out?
a: Paints the town red

q: How long do black women need to bring the garbage out?
a: About 9 month.

q: Why does Karl Marx not take milk in his tea?
a: Because proper tea is theft.

q: Whats Dj Khaleds Favourite Jetski Brand?
a: Kawasakey

q: how do yu offend a tumblr person?
a: OM MY GOD HOW DARE YOU REFER TO ME AS A PERSON!!!!! ILL HAVE YOU KNOW I AM HALV WOLF AND THREE TWENTY SEVENTIES PIXE AND HOW DARE YOU SAY GAYS AND TRANS SHOULDNT HAVE RIGHTS  YOU STUPID WHITE CIS MALE

q: What's Princess Leia's first name?
a: Comoniwanna. 

q: What does a woman get every month that lasts 3-5 days?
a: Her husband's salary.

q: Why do Jews have such big noses?
a: Because air is free.

q: What do you get when you mix blood and piss?
a: Bliss!

q: What do you call a fat computer?
a: A Dell ( probably a repost, I laughed tho)

q: (x-post /r/meanjokes) What's worse than 10 dead babies in a dumpster?
a: 1 dead baby in 10 dumpsters

q: What are the similarities between my work shirt and the children of Flint, MI?
a: They both were recently ironed.

q: Why could Edward not leave his driveway and get back to his home country?
a: He was Snowden.

q: What's the capital of Greece?
a: The G

q: What's the same about a smart blonde and a UFO?
a: You keep hearing about em but you never see em

q: Does anybody know a rad trigonometry joke?
a: Please don't go off on a tangent.

q: What do you call an Asian male with no penis?
a: An Asian porn star

q: Don't you just hate clickbait titles?
a: Gotcha!

q: What do you call a manic bear?
a: A bipolar bear.

q: What did Mr. Freeze do with his wife on their first date?
a: Netflix and chill.

q: What happens when 2 meets 3 at Times Square?
a: 36

q: Why can't astronauts stay in a long term relationship?
a: They need space.

q: Why do black people have white hands and feet?
a: Because everyone has a little bit of good in them.

q: What does a memelord put on his sandwich?
a: L-mayo

q: What's the hardest part of running over a baby?
a: My dick. 

q: Did you hear about the cow that doesn't give any milk?
a: It's an udder disappointment.

q: What does Captain Falcon drink in Hawaii?
a: PUNCH!

q: Why do people in Afghanistan air dry after they shower?
a: Because of the towel ban

q: What do you call an Australian singer who was born in Australia?
a: Aussie Aus-born.

q: Why do historians believe all nazis were women?
a: They all had blood on their hands.  Credit of the joke goes to James of FunHaus

q: What's the deal with the phrase "door ajar"?
a: I mean, is it a door or is it a jar?

q: What do you call a bear that's questioning their sexuality?
a: A bipolar bear.

q: Why can't Russia extradite US top-secret whistle-blowers?
a: Because they're Snowden (snowed-in). To all the folks on the East coast, stay safe and warm.

q: Have you heard about the internet couple that broke up?
a: They just didn't click together anymore.

q: What do you call a fat person with a flat butt?
a: A hipobottomless

q: A black man and a Pakistani fell from a cliff. Which landed first?
a: The black man because the Pakistani was a shade lighter.

q: What do you call a fake spaghetti?
a: An impasta

q: Who is Samuel L Jackson's favorite historical figure?
a: Oedipus

q: What are Hillary Clinton's favorite shoes?
a: Platform Flip flops !

q: How to avoid clickbait?
a: clearly, you wouldn't know...

q: What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
a: Only occasionally does something retarded come out of her vagina.

q: What did the shooting range instructor say to the guy in a wheelchair?
a: Parachute

q: Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ?
a: Q: Why did the recruiter hire a Spider ? A: Because he wanted to hire a Strong "Web Developer".

q: How well did the sailor do in school?
a: Not bad actually, he got high 'C's.

q: What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas?
a: I don't know. He still hasn't opened his gifts.

q: Bio joke time! What did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his foot?
a: Mitosis.

q: Why does C-3PO always tell Han the Odds?
a: Because he can't even.

q: Why can't women explain feminism to men?
a: Because they need a man to do it for them

q: What does Brock Lesnar do if a website isn't loading?
a: He gives it an F5

q: Why is Jesus terrible at hockey?
a: He keeps getting pinned to the boards.

q: How do you measure a snake?
a: In inches. Snakes don't have any feet.

q: What's a prison executioners favorite beer?
a: Shock-top

q: Why did I quit my job in Mexico?
a: It didn't peso well.

q: Do you like tapes and CDs?
a: Cuz I'm about to tape my dick to your forehead so you can CDs nuts

q: What do quantum physicists do when life gives them lemons?
a: Everything

q: What do you call a depressed cow?
a: A mooooope

q: Who is the greatest author of the medieval era?
a: King Author

q: What Do You Call 5 Year Old With No Friends?
a: A sandy hook survivor.

q: Did you hear about the new Tarantino movie about a Nazi banquet?
a: Apparently its call The Hateful Ate.

q: Who loses in a basketball game between two Vietnamese guys?
a: No one... its Nguyen Nguyen!

q: you know who makes the best cocoa?
a: paedophiles

q: What's the relationship between the pound, the dollar, and the ruble?
a: A pound of rubles is worth one dollar. 

q: What do you call a vegetable/fruit that dies for it's religion?
a: A Tomartyr

q: Why does a chicken coup only have two doors?
a: Because if they had four doors they'd be called chicken sedans.

q: Did u hear about the new plane that's going to be 2000 ft long?
a: it's going to be the longest flight ever

q: How do you get a hippie pregnant?
a: You cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.

q: What was the Sci-fi remake of A Streetcar Named Desire?
a: InterSTELLLLLLLAAAAAAAR

q: What did Ben Franklin call his pee hole?
a: Urethra Franklin.

q: What happens to crude people?
a: Crucified.

q: Why couldn't the salad bowl play Scrabble?
a: It had run out of lettuce

q: Did you know condoms had serial numbers?
a: I guess you've never had to roll it down that far

q: What goes, "Clip clop clip clop clip clop clip clop BANG BANG clip clop clip clop clip clop..." ?
a: An Amish drive-by shooting.

q: How do you call a dog without legs?
a: you don't you go and grab him

q: How do you find a blind man in a nudist camp?
a: It's not hard.

q: What do you call it when you talk to God?
a: Praying. Now what do you call it when God talks to you? Schizophrenia, it's called schizophrenia.

q: What do you do when you see your tv hover around the place?
a: What do you do when you see your TV hover around the place at night?    You yell put it down n*gger.   What do you do when you see your fridge hover around the place at night?   You dont do anything, thats a big ass n*gger.

q: You know what I hate about Reddit?
a: [Removed]

q: Where did Sally go when the bomb went off?
a: E V E R Y W H E R E

q: Why did the plane crash?
a: Because the pilot was a loaf of bread!  Now he's toast

q: Why did the engineer wrap his hamster in electrical tape?
a: So it wouldn't explode when he fucked it.

q: Why didn't the Cancer Cowboy head out West?
a: He was afraid of Chemo-sabe.

q: Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella?
a: A: fo drizzle  b: fo shizzle  C: fo nizzle  D: fo bizzle

q: What's another term for anal bleaching?
a: Changing your ringtone

q: What would you call Martin Luther king Jr if he was white?
a: Alive.

q: What's worse than raining cats and dogs?
a: 9/11

q: What do you call a black person with a PHD?
a: A Doctor you racist!

q: What's 5,000 lbs and sexually confused?
a: A Bi-noceros

q: Why didnt Craig buy Anne Franks shoes on Ebay for 2000$ ?
a: They were Holo-costly

q: What do you get when you cross astronomy and cosmology with a dyslexic girl at starbucks?
a: Astrology, cosmetology, and a pumpkin space latte

q: What does the Mexican gang member say to the 15 page document?
a: Hey,  !

q: What does it take to be a president of Russia?
a: Be a Viktor, then you are Devinitely In

q: What's a pirates favourite video game genre?
a: Arr-PG's

q: How do you call the piece of fat around the vagina?
a: A woman.

q: Who do people hate and love but is really hot and goes to beach everyday?
a: Sun of a beach

q: When are you allowed to play with scissors?
a: Never, under no circumcises!

q: Whats the difference between a kangaroo and a kangaroot?
a: One's a marsupial, the other's a Geordie stuck in a lift

q: What do you call a man with no arms or legs being pulled behind a boat?
a: Skip

q: If you're american in the living room, what are you in the bathroom?
a: European!

q: You know those kinds of Reddit posts that just frustrate you to death?
a: [removed]

q: If the police police police police, who polices the police police?
a: Police police police police police police.

q: How is sleeping with a girl whose dad is in the other room the same as being kidnapped?
a: Come quietly and nobody gets hurt.

q: How do you tell who loves you more. Your wife or your dog?
a: Put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.

q: How many babies does it take to paint a fence?
a: Depends how hard you throw them 

q: What is white and 14 inches long?
a: Nothing.

q: What has 2 legs but doesn't use them?
a: A man named Bob running down a train track (only Asians will understand)

q: How do you spell "Pringles" in Spanish?
a: Pringls

q: What was the name of the operation to catch Juaquin Guzman?
a: El trapo.

q: What's the difference between this post and a fire truck?
a: A fire truck is red and has four wheels while this post is a complete fucking waste of your time. 

q: What's the difference between people on Reddit and dead people?
a: Dead people had lives. 

q: You wanna know why I don't buy Velcro?
a: because it's a 

q: Why do baby birds love Amy Schumer's comedy?
a: They can't handle anything that hasn't been consumed and regurgitated. 

q: What is the opposite of a protein?
a: An amateur teen (   ) 

q: Why does the ocean have water?
a: Because the sky is 

q: Why couldn't Obi-Wan calculate the volume of Bespin from the ideal gas law?
a: Only a Sith deals in absolutes

q: What does Disney and the porn industry have in common?
a: They both hire adults that look like teenagers. 

q: Where is Wallace at?
a: Where is his oscar nomination?

q: What is the difference between chicken and blondes ?
a: The chicken knows on whose eggs sitting .

q: What's the difference between a woman and a washing machine?
a: A washing machine won't follow you around after you dump your load in it.

q: What's the worst part about being a railroad conductor?
a: The training.

q: Was the discovery of a new planet an accident?
a: or did they planet

q: When is a man smartest before, during or after sex?
a: During that's when he's plugged into the know it all.

q: How many South American's does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: A Brazilian.

q: What do space-related scientists call themselves in Australia?
a: Austronomers

q: Why did the bull get a sex change?
a: To see how the UDDER side lives! (Thought of it while washing the dishes, hope you all get a kick out of it.)

q: What do they call the Hulk when he has an erection?
a: Bruce Boner.

q: What do you call a destroyed bomb shelter in Poland?
a: A helter-skelter Hitler shelter.

q: What do you call an Arab who's been everywhere and done everything?
a: Bindere Dundat

q: What did Brad Pitt in Seven and Harvey Weinstein in real life both get?
a: Gwyneth Paltrow's head.

q: Why won't you ever see an American slav squatting?
a: Because his spurs will get stuck up his asshole! 

q: What did the slug say to the police?
a: "I was as"salt"ed"

q: What's the best thing to come out of a penis?
a: The wrinkles.

q: Is it just me?
a: Or does amy schumer look like sarah silvermann sounds?

q: Why doesn't Seattle have a professional volleyball team?
a: Because then the people would demand a professional football team

q: What do you call a terrorist-run snowball stand?
a: Italian ISIS

q: Are you a game developer?
a: Because you sure are good at triggering people

q: What are there no black people in the Flinstones?
a: They were still monkeys

q: What do you call a bipolar Sith?
a: High-low Ren.

q: How much work does it take to send a packet across the internet?
a: 20 Watts

q: Did you hear you can get cocaine as a suppository?
a: They call it crack cocaine.

q: What's the food equivalent to Rachel Dolezal?
a: ...a hamburger. 

q: Why won't Bernie Sanders win the rational election?
a: Because he's two radical.

q: What type of clothing does a House wear?
a: Address.

q: Y'know what really brings out the inner child in you?
a: Abortion

q: Why didn't the XML goto the Gym?
a: Because it couldn't be parsed.

q: Why did the midget who drove British cars get cabin fever?
a: He was mini cooped up for to long.

q: Why did the flood barrier rupture?
a: Dam good question.

q: Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip?
a: To get to the same side.

q: Why won't you ever see an ant walk in a church?
a: They're insects. I'll show myself out.

q: Q: What happens once in a minute and twice in a moment but never in a decade?
a: A: The letter "m."

q: Where do you see yourself in four years?
a: I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.

q: Why you shouldn't have sex with a deaf prostitute?
a: Because there's a good chance that you'll get hearing aids!

q: Why do gingers get sunburned so easily?
a: It's nature's way of telling us to lock them indoors

q: What's Red and crawls up your leg?
a: A Homesick Abortion.

q: Ever needed a taxi but you had no money?
a: Just call 911 tell them you commited a crime and your location and you will have a free ride!

q: Why are Muslims so violent?
a: Because I slam.

q: Why can't Pakistanis play soccer?
a: Whenever they get a corner they set up a convenience store

q: What do you call an isolated mystical forest creature?
a: Gnome alone.

q: What's the difference between a condom and the congress?
a: You can only fit one dick inside a condom.

q: What do you call a sad coffee?
a: A depresso

q: What did the human call the bee after it stung him?
a: An ass hole

q: What do you call tossing a Hawaiian's salad?
a: Pacific rim

q: What do you call El Chapo suffering from seizures?
a: Narcolepsy

q: Why is the grass in Anfield Stadium so green?
a: They are constantly putting millions of pounds of crap on it.

q: Why did the banjo player get into heaven?
a: The devil has standards.

q: What did the atheist say when he saw Jesus?
a: I can't believe this.  What did he tell his atheist friend? You won't believe this.

q: What do you get when you cross a dog with an amplifier?
a: A subwoofer.

q: Why did the Udon noodles stop drinking?
a: They wanted to be Soba... I heard that a few days ago and wanted to share it.

q: What did 2 say to 3 about 6?
a: Oh don't mind him, he's just the product of our times!

q: Why is your paper blank?
a: Teacher: Why is your paper blank? Student: Sometimes silence is the best answer ! :D :D

q: Have you seen Alan Rickman's newest movie?
a: He's billed as Alan Rickgamortis edit: Dievid Bowie does the music (read it like he would say it)

q: What do you call a Chinese prostitute with no legs?
a: Dragon Lips.

q: Why is sex like snow?
a: Because you never know how many inches you'll get or how long it will last..

q: What's worse than a worm in your apple?
a: ... the holocaust.

q: How many women does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: I don't care. You pick

q: What is small, salty and melts in your mouth?
a: A leper's clit 

q: What do you get when you mix a black and asian person?
a: A criminal mastermind ...

q: What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandles?
a: Philippe Philoppe

q: Ever get high off of watching Rambo?
a: I got really Stalloned the other night.

q: What's the difference between radical feminists and a Valentine's Day mascot's tricks?
a: One's Cupid stunts...

q: Whats the currency of North Korea?
a: The NoDinar

q: What do you call a Renaissance snack?
a: A DaVincheese curl

q: How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers?
a: With relish

q: What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist?
a: A Pokmon

q: What do multiculturalism and the movie Jaws have in common?
a: They both made Americans despise great whites!

q: Why did the masseuse give her lawyer a happy ending?
a: She thought he could come in handy. (I'll let myself out)

q: What do you give to an owl who is not being himself?
a: A Bowl (B-Owl)

q: Where can you always find kids by themselves?
a: edit: i forgot to say please.

q: Why do lesbians shop at Sport's Authority?
a: Because they don't like Dick's. 

q: What's 8 inches long, and black as the night?
a: The dick up your ass

q: What's the difference between a jew and a boy scout?
a: Boy scouts come back from their camp.

q: What's the difference between RAM and ROM?
a: I can't ROM my dick in your arse

q: You wanna hear a funny joke?
a: Hilary Clinton is running for president.

q: How do you know your at a gay bbq?
a: Hotdogs taste like shit 

q: What is the difference between jelly and jam?
a: I can't jelly my dick down your throat. 

q: Where do military chaplains buy their regalia?
a: At the army surplice store.

q: Did you hear about the old Italian chef?
a: He pasta way

q: You guys know what Jesus' favorite band is?
a: Nine inch nails

q: What did Snape say at Alan Rickmans funeral?
a: Nothing.

q: Why did the cheese maker not enjoy the movie?
a: <in a Dutch accent> Not much Gouda

q: What is the difference between Martin Luther King Day and St. Patrick's Day?
a: St. Patrick's day everybody wants to be Irish.

q: What happened when hitler fell off his skateboard, and the wound got infected?
a: He said "now I have to cleanse my germy knee"

q: Why are girls always cold?
a: Because of their cold black hearts.

q: What do you call a British voyeur?
a: A bird-watcher.

q: What a Chinese Restaurant Owner's Preferred License Plate?
a: 888 MSG

q: Did you know that Ireland is the richest country in the world?
a: It's capital has been Dublin for a long time.

q: What's Forest Gump's Facebook Password?
a: 1forest1

q: What did Hillary Clinton say at the last debate?
a: Nothing...because she was in the kitchen where she belongs.

q: Why was Cinderella bad at basketball?
a: Because her coach was always a pumpkin.

q: What's the difference between a Lambo and 1,000 dead babies?
a: I dont have a Lambo in my Garage...

q: What type of jokes do Sikhs hate?
a: Puns

q: Did you hear about the explosion in the cheese factory?
a: There was de-brie everywhere.

q: How do you piss off a transgender?
a: I'm sure the title will be enough to do it.

q: Why do black men only have nightmares?
a: Because the last black man to have a dream got shot.

q: How to play Kayle more effectively?
a: I get that Kayle is an extremely simple champion mechanically but she's not completely braindead. I always seem to have a lot of death's on kayle but it's not like I feel I am going in too hard. I don't really know how to play team fights as her or how to play lane. I just don't really "get her" even though I really like her.  EDIT: The joke is that it's the wrong subreddit.

q: Why do Black People only have Nightmares?
a: Cuz we killed the only one with a dream!!! (I'm very sorry, he was a great man whose death should be treated with respect) Happy MLK Day!

q: What did the black eyed peas say when they left the dentist?
a: "I got a filling, woo-hoo!"

q: What did adam say to eve?
a: Let's save humanity.

q: What did the Asian guy say about all the recent celebrity deaths?
a: They're dropping like Freys!

q: What does a mole think, when he digs trough lower Austria?
a: Make way, children. 

q: What is red and hurts when you bite it?
a: A Brick.

q: Have you heard of the movie *Constipation*?
a: "Can't say I have." "That's because it hasn't came out yet."

q: Why are shopaholics in the UK generally very skinny?
a: Because they are always losing  pounds.

q: What is a Nazi's favorite type of hotdog?
a: Ze Anne Frank, But its so Hard to find

q: How much is a $1,000,000 Bill worth?
a: Nothing! You can't use it anywhere!

q: How did the dad know that his daughter is on her period?
a: His dick is covered in blood.

q: Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted?
a: They're dark comedies.

q: Tell me why this is funny?
a: I heard it on the radio where all involved laughed and I've since found it on the internet but I'm still none the wiser? Here goes: Man goes in to a hardware store and asks the owner for a tin of blue paint. The owner replies  I'm very sorry I only have red paint. The man says that's fine I have my bike outside. Am I a bit thick or is this a shit joke??  All I can deduce is he's saying he can go elsewhere or the hardware store owner can borrow his bike to get the paint.

q: What's the difference between acne and a priest?
a: Acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face. 

q: What car transmission do Mexicans use?
a: Manuel.

q: Why couldn't the life guard save the drowning hippie?
a: Because he was too far out man.

q: Why are people at Star Wars conventions so happy?
a: Because of the Endor-fans.

q: What do a midget and a dwarf have in common?
a: Very little. 

q: Why was the pianist so depressed?
a: Because they weren't good at Chopin.

q: How does the man in the moon cut his hair?
a: Eclipse it.

q: Having a bad day?
a: Go pee on a pregnancy test just for some good news.

q: What does robbing a Scotsman get you?
a: Kilt

q: Why did the farmer take a bale of hay to bed?
a: He wanted to feed his nightmares. 

q: Why did Lionel go to the medical store?
a: because it was pharmacy.

q: Dentist: when was the last time you flossed?
a: Me: bro, you were there.

q: What was Aladdin called after he went Vegan?
a: Saladdin.

q: What does a crow call his penis?
a: His CAWk.

q: What do you call the western half of Kenya?
a: Kenya West

q: Rihanna, what did you mean the wind gave you this black eye?
a: No, I said it was Breezy.

q: Have you heard of the hypochondriac who had issues with his bowels?
a: He was always full of shit

q: How much does a moil get paid for circumcision?
a: Ninety-nine dollars plus tips.

q: What is the monkey that can't peel the banana?
a: Terrible at CC

q: What's the worst part about raping a deaf chick?
a: You have to cut her fingers off so she can't tell anyone!

q: What did the rock say to the other rock?
a: Im hard

q: What does a gay man and an ambulance have in common?
a: They both get loaded from the rear and go whoo-whoo!

q: What's the difference between water and gasoline?
a: In Flint Michigan you can get gasoline that is unleaded.

q: What do you call a German tampon?
a: A twatstika. 

q: Why is it called the "color TV"?
a: Because it was invented by a black person!

q: Why did the cowboy adopt a Weiner dog?
a: He wanted to get a long little doggy

q: Why are there no suicide books on librarys?
a: because those who take them never bring them back.

q: Why do pirates love Playboy Magazine?
a: You'd think it's for the booty, but they really read it for the arrrticles.

q: How do you fit 25 Jews in a car?
a: 2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 20 in the ashtray

q: What happened to the blind circumciser?
a: He got the sack.

q: Why did the Russians send a dog to space to die?
a: Because they didn't Lajka.

q: What is the favorite note of a priest?
a: A minor

q: What's the worst gear for America?
a: Cruz control.

q: Why did the hippie lifeguard not save the drowning boy?
a: He was too far out man!!

q: What's the connection between the Star Trek Enterprise and toilet paper?
a: They both travel around Uranus looking for Klingons.

q: How many "All Lives Matter" protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, because they keep on asking why all of the other light bulbs in the house aren't being changed at the same time.

q: How to spot a blind guy in a nudist colony?
a: It ain't hard.

q: What do you call a dead bird that was suicidal?
a: A Robin Williams.

q: Did you hear about the terrorist with a house fetish?
a: I hear he blew his house.

q: What do conspiracy nuts do to fall asleep?
a: They count sheeple.

q: Why do Black People hate country music?
a: Because when they hear "Hoe Down" they think their sister got shot. 

q: What do you call a narcissistic plant with an erection?
a: A self-raising flower.  I'm so sorry.

q: Why do Muslims not eat pork?
a: Because MaHamHid

q: What have sex, money and depression in common?
a: You don't talk about them, you have them.

q: what did little billy get when he stumbled upon r/twoxchromosome?
a: Cancer.

q: Have you ever thought about the word racecar and how it's a palindrome?
a: Put it backwards and it spells racecar, put it sideways and it kills Paul Walker. 

q: Why do most chicken coups have 2 doors?
a: Because if they had 4 doors, it'd be considered a chicken sedan!

q: What vegetable parties the hardest?
a: A Turnip.

q: Girl, are you pi?
a: 'Cause you are long and sweet.

q: Where are you when you're in the U.K. waiting for Vietnamese soup?
a: Pho queue

q: Why was the computer tired when he got home?
a: Because he had a hard drive!

q: What did the hurricane say to Hillary?
a: I didn't know disasters can run for office

q: How can you spot the blind man at the nude beach?
a: It ain't hard

q: Why couldn't the cop save the hippie from drowning?
a: He was too far out man

q: What do you call a bear that will fuck anything?
a: Bi Polar

q: What has a bottom at its top?
a: My life (  ._.)

q: How many Chernobyl survivors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. They already glow. 

q: What do you call the Wal Mart cheer?
a: Spelling classes!

q: Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda?
a: To boost his link karma!

q: Whats a mile long and has a thousand arms?
a: The train to Auschwitz. Some German guy i used to play Path of Exile with told it to me.

q: How many sovereign citizens does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They're too afraid of the electricity.

q: What us the difference between garbage and Jersey Girls?
a: Garbage gets picked up.

q: Where do you find an enlightened mosquito?
a: In Bhuddapest

q: What do airlines and prostitutes have in common?
a: You pay them and get fucked

q: What did the flower say about the tree heading to the sky?
a: He's on route.

q: Whats the difference between a noose and a leash?
a: How high you tie it on a tree.

q: Why doesn't Barbie have kids?
a: Cause Ken cums in another box...

q: What gets easier to pick up, the more it weighs?
a: Women

q: [REPOST] How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: One. He stands in place while the whole world revolves around him. 

q: How do you feel when there is no coffee?
a: Depresso 

q: Why did two owls get arrested for the same crime?
a: They were in ca .

q: What does a baker say before he orgasms?
a: I'm going to crumb! (   )

q: What do you call transgender superheroes?
a: X-Men.

q: Where can you find the strongest tea?
a: Cliffsides (because it's so steep).

q: Which African country has the most obese inhabitants?
a: Burkina Fatso

q: What do penguins do in a race?
a: They peng-win

q: Why are calculators grey and boring?
a: Cause it's what's on the inside that counts! EDIT: it was a joke guys:(

q: How does the Addidas executive work through the night?
a: Three lines 

q: Teacher: How Old is your father?
a: Pappu: As old as I am.  Master: How is it possible?  Pappu: He became father only after I was born.

q: Anyone watch story on the news about the corduroy pillows?
a: It's making all the headlines. 

q: Teacher to Student: Why are you late?
a: Student: Because of the sign on the road. Teacher: What type of sign? Student: The sign that says, School Ahead, Go Slow.

q: Why should you never watch a movie with a generous Nascar driver?
a: He might give away spoilers!

q: Why is there all this hate against necromancers?
a: They are just trying to raise a family in peace. 

q: What's the difference between America and Yoghurt?
a: If you leave yoghurt alone for 2000 years it'll develop a culture.

q: What did Haley Joel Osment find at the top of Mt. Everest?
a: Icy Dead People

q: Why is Karl Marx a fan of the Galactic Empire?
a: He was born ina 1818.

q: [Destiny] Where do Year 1 Guardians buy their clothes?
a: Twilight Gap

q: What do you call a black guy flying a plane?
a: A pilot you racist asshole

q: What did the man say to the Formula 1 driver who nearly rear-ended him?
a: Thanks Verstappen.

q: What does a Super Saiyan always put on his sandwich?
a: Ka-Mayomayo

q: What's In Hitlers Nose?
a: Snotzies 

q: What did the cheese say to itself in the in the mirror?
a: halloumi

q: What's a terrorist's favourite car?
a: A Ford Exploder.

q: What is the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
a: One less drunk.

q: What does a condom have in common with a coffin?
a: Ones for coming and ones for going. 

q: Have you ever had a female horse escape from the stables into the forest in the late evening?
a: It's a nightmare.

q: what is the disease that killed princes diana?
a: Car pole tunnel syndrome

q: What is easy to register for, but something you never want?
a: Sex offender.

q: Did you hear about the new divorcee Barbie?
a: She comes with all of Ken's stuff.

q: How did experts know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her Head & Shoulders in the glove compartment.

q: Have you heard about the guy who posted about a mod's cousin?
a: Once removed.

q: What's Alex's (from 'A Clockwork Orange') preferred type of light?
a: Ultraviolent

q: How do you call a male prostitute?
a: A prostidude!

q: Why does England always get attacked in the summer?
a: Because the Knights are shorter then.

q: How can you tell a redneck has got money?
a: He gems out his dip cup

q: Teacher: What comes after 69?
a: Student: Mouthwash. Teacher: Get out.

q: Why do melons have fancy weddings?
a: Because they cantelope!

q: What do cheese and cancer have in common?
a: Americans put it everywhere!

q: What did Matthew McConaughey say to DiCaprio about his chances of winning the Oscars this year?
a: It's a fugazi. 

q: Do you know how to catch a polar bear????
a: Well.... You cut a hole in the ice, lay fish all around it, run behind the tree and wait... polar bear comes up and eats the fish... then, you run up and kick him in the ICEHOLE!!!! HAHAHAHAHA

q: What do you call a drummer who has lost one of his drumsticks?
a: A conductor.

q: What cell carrier do Mormons use?
a: Virgin Mobile

q: Did you hear about the pair of university professors who got sued for sexual harassment?
a: They were two lecturers.

q: What do you call a faggot with an axe?
a: A Fascist

q: How would you call Hitler if he was a musician ?
a: DJ Nocide.

q: Where's your assistant?
a: A man walks in to his local butchers and asks, "What happened to your assistant? He was a lovely, young boy" "Oh, I had to fire him" replied the butcher, "He kept putting his dick in the bacon slicer" "Really?! What happened to the bacon slicer?" "Oh... I fired her too."

q: Why do some people dislike twitch chat?
a: It's just not their Kappa tea

q: What does a Tusken Raider eat after his dinner?
a: Dessert.  Buh Dum  CHHHHHHH

q: What is the difference between an american and a canadian?
a: 69 cents.

q: How much sex does Sister Mary get?
a: Nunn.

q: Why do you have to pee so quickly after you start drinking beer?
a: Because it doesn't have to stop off to change color!

q: What do you call a black Gohan from Dragon Ball Z?
a: Goquan

q: How does Moses make coffee?
a: Hebrews it

q: [NO SPOILERS] Did you hear about the stormtrooper who fell asleep at The Force Awakens?
a: He missed everything!

q: Who's the most racist super hero?
a: White Power Ranger!

q: What is the last thing to go through the mind of a suicide bomber?
a: His own ass.

q: Why did the watermelon and the honeydew decide to cancel their spontaneous wedding in Las Vegas?
a: They realized with a family like theirs, they really Cantaloupe.

q: How do you know an angle is dead?
a: When it shows no vital sines

q: Whats the difference between being hungry and horny?
a: Depends where you put the cucumber 

q: What would Ronald Reagan be doing if he were alive today?
a: He'd be scratching at the lid of his coffin yelling, "Let me out! I'm alive! Let me out!!"

q: How does King Arthur take his pills?
a: An African or European swallow

q: Why did Jerry Hall marry Rupert Murdoch?
a: He's not much to look at, but he's a great listener.

q: Why did they hire the police department to design a new superconductor?
a: "STOP RESISTING!!!"

q: What do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet?
a: A kidager

q: When Does This White Privilege Thing Kick In?
a: Do I have to ask them to resend the authentication email, update my address or do I have to go to my local white privilege depot to request the trial edition of white privilege before I get the real thing?

q: Did you hear about the guy who fell asleep during The Force Awakens?
a: The theater was too Darth.

q: How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Need to know ASAP.

q: What do you call a Black man that walks by a Cop?
a: A Pencil cause he's full of lead!

q: What does a vulture bring with him on the airplane?
a: His carrion bag.

q: Q: What three words will emasculate any man?
a: A: Hold my purse.

q: What's Irish and sits on a porch?
a: Pati 'O' Furniture

q: Have you guys seen the Petrified Forrest?
a: Those trees are scared!

q: Did you here about the kidnapping at school?
a: He woke up!

q: What does a nosy pepper do?
a: Gets jalapeo business

q: What's the difference between God and Trump?
a: God doesn't think he's Donald Trump!

q: What comes after 69?
a: Neither Alan Rickman nor David Bowie

q: What do they call Muhammad Ali on bean night?
a: Gaseous Clay

q: what are your hobbies?
a: Mmm... Sam, Bilbo and Frodo.

q: What do you call a cow stuck in a hurricane?
a: A milkshake.

q: What do you call a bunch of crazy Rabbis?
a: Rabies!

q: What did the patriarchy serve at their dinner party?
a: Traditional gender rolls.

q: Is molestation rape foreplay?
a: Is molestation rape foreplay? Is it rude to molest someone and then not rape them? Woman: I didn't let him rape me because he did not molest me first. I'm not that type of girl.

q: Why are asymptomatic cardiology patients so trustworthy?
a: Because they can't tell afib

q: What are Starbucks two shipping options?
a: Ground and federal expresso

q: What does a balding man and a tortoise have in common?
a: Hare loss. 

q: Did you hear about the latest Calvin Klein Lawsuit?
a: Yeah - but it wasn't much of a suit. It was actually a brief case. 

q: What's the difference between mathematicians and Syrian refugees?
a: Mathematicians don't struggle with integration.

q: What do you call a Mexican on a bike?
a: a dirt bike

q: How do you piss off a Texan?
a: Cut Alaska in two and make Texas the third largest state!

q: Why couldn't the coal worker get into the movie?
a: He was a miner. 

q: What do you call a virgin on a water bed?
a: A cherry float.

q: Did you hear about the uncircumcised volcano?
a: It was covered in smagma.

q: How do you circumcise Luke Skywalker?
a: Kick Princess Leia in the jaw.

q: You know what Donald Trump is actually really good at that most people don't realize?
a: Everything. Most people just don't realize it though.

q: Why did the airplane crash into the building?
a: ...................................................,....................................................BECAUSE THE PILOT WAS A LOAF OF BREAD!

q: What's the fastest way to kill millions?
a: Just swallow.

q: What do you call a police officer that stays in bed all day underneath the blankets?
a: An undercover cop!

q: If Adele were a computer, what would she be?
a: a computer.

q: What did the Nazi say to the clock that went tick-tick-tick?
a: Ve have vays of making you tock...

q: Why did Adele leave the house?
a: So she could say Hello from the outside.

q: How do street urchins communicate with each other?
a: Gutterskype.

q: How many lovers do the religious have?
a: Nun!

q: What's the difference between a large pepperoni pizza and an Art History degree?
a: The pizza can feed a family of four.

q: What do you call an escape artist dog?
a: Basset Houndini

q: Which gun has a perfect rating?
a: A Five-seven.

q: A Polish man and a Palestinian woman married and had a son. What was his name?
a: Yassir Yabetcha

q: Why did the double arm amputee unsubscribe from r/jokes?
a: He lost his sense of humerus.

q: What do you call the offspring of Rick Ross and an Ostrich?
a: RickRosstrich.

q: Did you see that new porno with the invisible man?
a: He came out of nowhere!

q: What type of music do they play at Chinese Restaurants ?
a: Wok n' Roll

q: Why was Adele underneath a cow?
a: So she could say "hello from the udder side"

q: How did the hipster burn his mouth?
a: HE drank coffee before it was cool,  man

q: Why did Obi Wan not kill Anakin when he had the chance?
a: Because Anakin was ... unarmed.

q: Why did chicken cross the road?
a: Because Intermediate value theorem

q: What did Hitler invest his money in hand sanitizer?
a: It kills 99.9% of Germs.

q: What's the most embarrassed tree in the forest?
a: Oak wood.

q: What did the horse say when he regained his vision?
a: Merci.

q: What is Jesus's least favorite gun?
a: A nail gun.

q: What does a rapist wear to feel sexy?
a: Cologne.

q: What happens when you cross and owl with a bungee chord?
a: My ass.

q: Which nut could pimp the Prince of Darkness?
a: Mack-a-Dameon.

q: You call comcast and end up speaking to apu in India, how do your problems get fixed?
a: When they transfer you to steve.

q: I have 10 guns. Obama wants 8 of them. How many guns do I have left?
a: That's right. 10.

q: I ever tell you about the time I dated a midget?
a: I was just nuts over her

q: What does a black guy get after sex?
a: 20-30 years in prison

q: Why can't Donald Trump get elected?
a: Because no Juan will vote for him.

q: Why do women wear make up and perfume?
a: Because they're ugly and they smell bad.

q: What do men and pizza have in common?
a: That you call them and in 10minutes you have them h...

q: What happens when The Past, Present, and Future walk in to a bar?
a: It becomes very tense.

q: Why doesn't anyone ever add Paul Walker on Xbox?
a: He spends all of his time on the dashboard.

q: why do terrorists dislike coffee?
a: because they hate french press

q: Why is Empire Strikes Back the best Star Wars movie?
a: It's a perfect 5/7.

q: Did you hear about the pecan orgy?
a: It was fucking nuts. 

q: What do you call it when crows make noise?
a: A caw-cawphony

q: What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it?
a: An envelope!

q: What does my penis have in common with JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America?
a: They are all too Big To Fail.

q: What's the best part about dating an epileptic?
a: You don't have to pay for a vibrator. 

q: What do porn viewers and Donald Trump have in common?
a: They ctrl+alt+delete the history thru don't want anyone to find 

q: How do you get a Baby in a bowl? How do you get it out?
a: How do you get a baby in a bowl?  With a mixer.  How do you get it out?  "With nachos.

q: Do you like apples?
a: How bout I fuck you in the ass, how'd you like them apples!

q: Damn girl are you a planet?
a: Because i can see Uranus through my binoculars at night.

q: Who wants ice cream?
a: Uta Hagen daz.

q: What is the volume of Monica Lewinsky's mouth?
a: One US Leader

q: Why can't an IT guy be a doctor?
a: Nurse: Doctor, the patient's life support is acting strange.  . . Doctor: Have you tried turning it off and on again? 

q: What is the worst place to hide in a hospital?
a: The ICU (I-see-you!)

q: What did the dwarf pimp say to the two prostitutes at the beginning of the night?
a: Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go

q: What kind of trophy do I get every time I lift weights?
a: Hypertrophy!

q: World's Funniest Joke?
a: Women's rights!

q: What's a vampire's fetish?
a: Neckrophilia 

q: What do you call a flying Jedi?
a: A skywalker. (I'm really sorry)

q: What do you call a short, round-bellied Salarian?
a: Mordin Volus 

q: What is a Juanito?
a: A little Juan

q: What does a man with a 10-inch penis eat for breakfast?
a: I had a bagel.

q: Why did the farmer cross the road?
a: Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.

q: Why will there never be an Asian president?
a: Because the American people could never make it through the erection without raughing. 

q: How much does a rabbi charge for a circumcision?
a: Nothing, he just keeps the tips.

q: What's a neckbeard's favorite asian country?
a: M'Laysia

q: What is the wettest animal in the forest?
a: The raindeer.

q: What show depicts a new pair of Jordons getting ruined?
a: African American Horror Story

q: What's a bear's preferred weapon of choice?
a: A Grrrrrrrrrrrnade!

q: What was Bruce Lee's favorite beverage?
a: WATAAAAAAAAAAA!

q: What do you call a blind trig function?
a: Se-cant.

q: Me: Siri, why am I alone?
a: Siri: 

q: Why was the priest afraid of trigonometry?
a: cos sin

q: What was Hitler's favourite aquatic animal?
a: Adolfin. 

q: Why could'nt one cat impregnate the other cat??
a: Its because they're both pussies!!

q: How do you stop a metal from rusting?
a: Use some antioxidants 

q: What is the United States doing to fight pedophiles?
a: Child Obesity.

q: Why was the nose running?
a: Cuz it's a running nose

q: What did the doctor say when he saw two fetuses being too affectionate in public?
a: "Get a womb, you two."

q: What type of file would you use to make a small hole bigger?
a: PedoPHILE

q: What do you call a crappy skin cream?
a: Disappointment

q: Why is PMS called PMS?
a: "Mad Cow Disease" was taken.

q: What do you call a half-white and half-Hispanic baby?
a: A baby.

q: Why didn't Ronda go to Prom?
a: she got Holm schooled           [  told me to go here >.>]

q: What fetish does winners hate the most?
a: The feet

q: How many plates do you need to draw a picture?
a: Tenplates

q: Did you hear about Bill Cosby's new biography?
a: Its called "The Coma Sutra". 

q: What is the ONLY good trait of pedophiles?
a: They always stick to the speed limit in front of schools.

q: What's the difference between driving in the fog and eating pussy?
a: At least you can see the asshole in front of you when you're eating pussy.

q: Why are Mens bathrooms usually to the left?
a: Because women are right.

q: What do you call oral sex with a fresh corpse?
a: A David Blowie.

q: What do mormons and tweakers have in common?
a: They both ride bikes and are on a mission.

q: How do you get a Mexican across the border using only math?
a: Carry the Juan

q: What's the difference between David Bowie and porn?
a: Porn sometimes features good music. R.I.P

q: What is an Arabs favorite fighting technique?
a: Hijab

q: What does Tupperware and a walrus have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal!

q: Why do thugs play basketball?
a: Because it teaches them to shoot, run and steal.

q: How do you make an orphans hands bleed?
a: Tell them to clap until daddy gets home

q: why do italian women wear long black gloves?
a: to cover up their long black hair

q: What's the difference between a gun and a penis?
a: One is used to kill brats, the other makes brats.

q: what's the difference between an elephant and a sicilian grandmother?
a: the black dress

q: What do you call someone with no arms?
a: Disarmed. 

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car?
a: When it comes to the police car, all the pricks are on the inside!

q: What's the difference between politics and engineering?
a: What POC means.

q: What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common?
a: They both want to get there before the hare does.

q: What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice?
a: Blow.

q: What do you call a man doing dishes?
a: Single.

q: What do you call an extroverted snail?
a: A slug

q: What do you call a dissection performed by drunks?
a: An Autipsy. 

q: What's the best thing about having sex with 29 year olds?
a: There's 20 of them...

q: Why did Lt. Lenk and Sgt. Colborn cross the road?
a: To put the bones on the other side.

q: Why did the villagers hate Frankenstein?
a: Because he was a Jew.

q: How's the new Chinese restaurant downtown?
a: Eh... It's tso-tso.

q: Why are monkeys pedantic?
a: Because they love nitpicking. 

q: What does a frog do when it barbecues?
a: Rib it...duh!

q: [no spoiler] Why is the BB unit droid not hungry?
a: Because BB-8

q: Why are dockhands never featured in Miley Cyrus music videos?
a: Because they're port workers.

q: Why are there no men's studies classes?
a: World history already exists

q: How do you know if someone is a vegan?
a: They tell you.

q: Why did the drunk guy call the sheep Legolas?
a: Because it was a cloud

q: Why David shorted his surname to Hoff?
a: Because it was too much Hassel

q: Why does windows 9 not exist?
a: Because 7 8 9.

q: Why is the British weather like Islam?
a: Because it's either Sunni or Shi'ite

q: What's round and hard and full of acidic semen?
a: A Jewish submarine.

q: What do you call two healthcare professionals hanging out?
a: A paramedics. 

q: Do you know how our planet got it's name?
a: Cause if you do, please tellus

q: Why do they say "Amen", not "Awomen"?
a: Because they sing "hymns" not "hers"

q: Wanna hear a joke about a German sausage?
a: Nevermind, it's my wurst joke

q: DAE keeps struggling with fitting their shopping cart into a row of parked shopping carts?
a: Apparently you first have to remove your daughter.

q: what's the hottest pun on the street?
a: punfire.

q: How did Christopher Columbus 'discover' America?
a: By occident

q: How do you walk a chicken on a leash?
a: You pullet.

q: What's the difference between a girl that's praying and a girl that's having a bubble bath?
a: One has hope in her soul, The other has soap in her hole.

q: What is a hipster's favorite element?
a: Fe, because it's so ironic

q: Why doesn't God like grapefruit?
a: Because he doesn't fucking exist.

q: When is the closest Leo will get to an Oscar?
a: When he takes out the trash

q: Why does Gordon Ramsay always use a condom?
a: Because he should not be FUCKING RAAWWW!!

q: Why are blacks excited for 2016?
a: Because it is the year of the monkey.

q: How did Obama celebrate his reelection?
a: He hosted a Democratic Party.

q: Why do midgets laugh when they play soccer?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls when they run.

q: Why were the Star Wars made IV, V, VI, I, II, III?
a: Because in charge of distribution, Yoda was.

q: Wanna Play Barbies?
a: Man: "Hi there, would you like to play barbies?" Lady: "I guess so?" Man: "Awesome, I'll be Ken and you can be the box I come in."

q: Did you hear about the guy who said there were no rivers in Africa?
a: He was in de-Nile.

q: Can you guess what the hardest part about being a pedophile is?
a: Fitting in

q: Know the best part about dead baby jokes?
a: They never get old

q: Wanna hear something fucked up?
a: When you find your dads wedding ring in your sister

q: What's a somali's favorite sport?
a: Cross-country

q: Why is sonic the answer to every google search?
a: Because he shows up the fastest.

q: Why was the paranormal convention cancelled?
a: Due to unforseen circumstances 

q: Did you hear about the sequel to "The Thing"?
a: Turns out one of Jackie Chan's Relatives is directing it. His Uncle, I believe.    He's calling it "ONE   THING!"

q: If bird-watching is called bird-watching, what do you cal cow-watching?
a: A steak out.

q: Why is six such a nervous number?
a:  it's because of some cannibalism story going around.

q: What's black and sits on top of a staircase?
a: Stephen Hawking in a house fire. 

q: Why did the circle stop arguing with the two intersecting lines?
a: Because they had a point

q: What's pink and hard when it goes in, and soft and wet when it comes out?
a: Bubble gum. 

q: What is James Bonds code name when he is abroad?
a: +4407

q: What does a 16 year old girl say in West Virginia?
a: Get off me daddy, you're crushing my smokes

q: What do you call a turtle without its shell?
a: Dead.

q: What do you say to a crazy person who's talking to themselves?
a: Hey, the person you're talking to said to give me a few bucks.

q: What's tall, handsome and muscular?
a: Not you!

q: Did your mom get those plane tickets?
a: I'm taking her to pound town

q: Who is Ric Flair's favorite director?
a: John WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

q: What's 9 inches long, rock hard, full of semen, and the ladies scream at?
a: my cock.

q: What was Hitler's least favorite sauce?
a: Jus

q: Wanna hear something ironic?
a: Aliens abduct a fisherman 

q: Weekend special: What has 142 teeths and can hold back the incredible hulk?
a: My zipper

q: whats black and burns?
a: stevie wonder answering the iron

q: What has six balls and rapes the poor?
a: The lottery.  It's over $800 million folks! Dragged this joke back for the occasion. 

q: What's the difference between Gabe Newell and a toddler?
a: A toddler can count past two...

q: Q: What's long and hard and has cum in it?
a: A: a cucumber

q: What happened to the plant outside the math class window?
a: It grew square roots.

q: How do you call the mexican who lost it car?
a: Carlos

q: What did the Hispanic fireman name his two twin sons?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: Did you hear about the paranoid print operator?
a: He didn't want to be plotted against.

q: Why does my computer say Hello?
a: Because it's a Dell.

q: Did you see that Sargento is going to stop selling shredded cheese?
a: They're trying to make America grate again

q: Were you home Schooled?
a: Were You Home Schooled?

q: I have this song in my head I haven't heard in years. I'm pretty sure it's called "Don't Speak"?
a: On second thought, there's no doubt in my mind.

q: What did the kid ask the Pirate?
a: Kid asks, "Where are your buccaneers?" Pirate replies, "They're under my Buccan Hat!"

q: Did you hear about the ambidextrous golfer?
a: He swings both ways.

q: Did you know there were vegetarians in Medieval Europe?
a: More often than not, they were called "peasants" 

q: Did you hear about the guy who got his entire left side ripped off by a shark?
a: He's all right now. 

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a whore?
a: The expression on their face when they're getting nailed.

q: What do you call a girl with an hourglass figure?
a: A waist of time.

q: Why does the philosopher have an automatic car..?
a: Because he Kant drive Immanuel.

q: Which area of Zelda: Ocarina of time uses the most resources?
a: The long long farm.

q: Whats eazy e's favourite drink ?
a: Kool aids

q: What' the bare minimum?
a: One bear

q: Do you know about Bassist heaven?
a: I've never heard of it

q: Why did the banker bee go to prison?
a: Embuzzlement! You're damn right

q: A Dietitian X Nun's favourite song?
a: Agave Maria

q: What is the difference between American teen girls and Muslim teen girls?
a: American teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.

q: Why didn't Hitler cross the road?
a: Because he could nazi anything

q: What does Bill Cosby eat for breakfast?
a: Rapefruit

q: What is a masochist's favorite condiment?
a: miracle whip 

q: What did the homeless yogi say when told to leave the yoga studio?
a: Nah, I must stay.

q: What do you call an sexual intercourse between Nigel Thornberry and The Incredible Hulk?
a: SMASHING!

q: Where do you drown hipsters?
a: In the mainstream

q: How many more times will I watch "A Walk To Remember" tonight?
a: As Mandy Moore times as I want to. 

q: What do you get from a dollar-an-hour hooker?
a: A lot of bang for your buck.

q: Why wasn't Christ born in Ireland?
a: Because they couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.

q: Why don't women like to wear dresses in the winter?
a: Chapped lips

q: Have you see the movie constipation?
a: No? That's because it hasn't come out yet.

q: Why did the jalapeno put on a sweater?
a: Because he was a little chile 

q: Why did the pharaoh retire?
a: Because he did not want to be part of a pyramid scheme

q: Why are X and Y fascist letters?
a: Because they're not Z's!

q: What do you do with unruly shapes?
a: You put them in prism

q: Did you hear that scientists recently discovered a new state of matter?
a: Now there are four! Solid, liquid, gas, and black lives.

q: How did Jack get rich?
a: His bean-stock went up.

q: Why is the archaeologist depressed?
a: Some old stuff just got dug up 

q: Knock knock. Who's there? She. She who?
a: She'd ............................ get it

q: What do you call an exercise group run by Jesus Christ?
a: Crossfit.

q: What Do You Call An Asian Billionare?
a: Cha Ching

q: How did the trigonometry teacher, prone to waffling, commit suicide?
a: Before he went off on a tangent, he hanged himself with a hypote-noose.

q: What does a southern woman call her period?
a: Crimson Tide

q: Did you guys hear scientist just discovered a new state of matter?
a: The five states of matter are now as follows: gas, liquid, solid, plasma, black lives.

q: If there's something strange, in your neighborhood, Who ya gonna call?
a: GEORGE ZIMMERMAN 

q: What did the ghost say when he looked in the beehive?
a: Boo-bees!

q: Why is the mathematician mad?
a: Because he's a calcul-hater.

q: Why are Lawyers buried forty feet deep when they die?
a: Because deep down they're really nice people.

q: Who is James Bond's favorite bartender?
a: Michael J Fox

q: How do you tittilate an ocelot?
a: Oscillate its tit a lot.

q: Why doesn't 'Murica have any knock-knock jokes?
a: Because Freedom Rings!

q: What do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car?
a: Tyrannosaurus Wrecks

q: What made me become a baker?
a: I kneaded the dough.

q: Ever seen an idiot magnet?
a: No? Then come over here. (Yeah, I know. The punchline just isn't right yet.)

q: What room is missing from almost every house?
a: a Mushroom

q: Where is the most conflict in a loaf of bread?
a: The middle yeast

q: What do you call a magical Owl?
a: udini

q: Why is the archaeologist sad?
a: Because his career is in ruins.

q: Why do writers hate the bible?
a: It has terrible characters, Noah is the only one with an arc.

q: What happens when a calculus teacher with one arm can't figure out a proof?
a: He gets stumped.

q: What do you call a gingerbread man with one leg?
a: Limp Biscuit.

q: What's the difference between an old Greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 38 D breasts?
a: One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean!

q: What's today's date?
a: Germany/Brazil/2016

q: What's the difference between having a boner and being cyberbullied?
a: One is getting erect, and the other is getting e-wrecked.

q: Whats the difference between a hospital and a terrorist stronghold?
a: I dunno I just fly the drone.....

q: what is a woman to cant give birth?
a: bruce jenner

q: What is a gay boxer's favorite drink?
a: Fruity punch

q: Can a ninja throw any pointy object with lethal accuracy ?
a: Shuriken

q: What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old?
a: Ayeee-Matey

q: Why did the horse get a divorce?
a: It didn't have a stable relationship.

q: Why is diarrhea hereditary?
a: Because it runs in your genes!

q: What size lumber is used to build homes in Dubai?
a: Dubai fours

q: What's the opposite of drunken noodles?
a: Soba noodles!

q: What is like tomato but better?
a: DD-WRT

q: Whats white blue and rectangular?
a: A fridge with a denim jacket on.

q: What will be on the Denny's Menu when ISIS takes over?
a: The Grand I-slam

q: What song did Scar sing when he fixed his car horn?
a: Beep repaired...

q: Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia?
a: Sexy children. 

q: Did you guys hear about gay 9/11?
a: Never faget.

q: When did 888 equal zero????
a: When Eight ate eight

q: What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta?
a: PENNAY!

q: What do you call a mexican barber?
a: El Chapo

q: Is bb-8 hungry?
a: No, BB-8.

q: Q: What's faster than a black man stealing a T.V?
a: A: His brother running with the V.C.R

q: Why do women like to be on top during sex?
a: Because they're over cum with joy.

q: Why did the worker get fired from the hp computer factory?
a: He threw out all the computers with "dy" on them.

q: What do you call a top-ranking Mexican dude that oversees everything?
a: Seor Manager 

q: Why does Luke Skywalker never have trouble getting laid?
a: Because he always uses the force.

q: What do Polar Bears and Black Men have in common?
a: They're real cute when they are young but at a certain age they start getting scary.

q: How does a 49er fan change a light bulb?
a: He doesn't he just talks about how great it use to be 

q: What is Poseidon's favourite shortcut?
a: ctrl + C

q: How long does it take for a black woman to take the trash out?
a: 9 months

q: What's the hardest part about rollerblading?
a: ...telling your dad you're gay

q: What do you call a half-length lightsabre?
a: A slightsabre

q: How does a blonde turn a light on after sex?
a: She opens the car door.

q: What happened when Grandpa went to the strip club?
a: He had a stroke.

q: Did you hear about the fellow whose whole left side was cut off?
a: He is all right now.

q: What kid blows you and gets you all wet?
a: El Nio 

q: Why am I fat?
a: Every time I fuck your girlfriend, she gives me a cookie

q: How many dead hookers does it take to change out the light in my basement?
a: Well...apparently more than four.

q: How many Surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Fish.

q: What's the difference between Jesus Christ and a picture of Jesus Christ?
a: It only takes 1 nail to hang the picture of Jesus Christ

q: Q: What's the difference between ginger pussy and a bowling ball?
a: A: You could eat a bowling ball if you had to. 

q: if 9-5 is a full time job, and 11/4 is a part time job, what's 9-11?
a: An inside job.

q: Why is th earth so mean?
a: Because it has a lattitude problem.

q: What do you call a snake who works in the government?
a: A civil serpent.

q: What kind of car does Bill Cosby drive?
a: A Honda quaalude. (Credit to my girlfriend)

q: Where do Mormon deer call home?
a: Salt Lick City

q: How can you tell if someone is from Texas?
a: ...Oh don't worry , they'll tell you

q: What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping Tom?
a: A pickpocket snatches watches.

q: How to emberass an acrchaeologist?
a: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.

q: What is the name of the restaurant chain that serves sushi burritos?
a: Japotle.

q: Did you hear about the misanthropic statistician?
a: 100% of people can go fuck themselves. Told to me by a cab driver in New Orleans.

q: How do you stay warm outside in the winter?
a: You just stand in a corner, they are usually around 90 degrees.

q: Why did the computer say Hello?
a: Because it was A Dell

q: Did you hear about the deadly fire at the ice cream parlour?
a: Hundreds and thousands were lost

q: How did Mars feel when the colonists were approaching?
a: Terra-fied.

q: What to hear something funny?
a: Original Content

q: What did one necrophiliac say to the other as they walked by the morgue?
a: "You wanna stop in and suck down a couple of cold ones?"

q: Why do Chinese only care about themselves?
a: Because they have no i's (plural of i).  Edit: eyes. Eyes guys. It's a bad pun. 

q: What instrument does the Irish chemist play?
a: The boron.

q: What do you call slapping hands with (5^.5+1)/2?
a: A high phive! I'll see myself out now.

q: Have you ever been camping with a guy who has uncontrollable diarrhea?
a: Shit's intense.

q: What do you call an underwater ride sharing service?
a: Scber!

q: How do Mexican dogs say "hello" when in Japan?
a: Konnichihuahua

q: Why didn't the clam share his ipod?
a: He was shellfish.

q: Why do you always see beggars at protests?
a: They're always looking for some sort of change!

q: What do you call a Mexican after he gets electrocuted?
a: Re-fried beans!

q: What did the grizzly bear study at college?
a: He was an Ursa Major

q: How do you know Satan's barbeque ribs are good?
a: Cos they're trident tested. #noapologies

q: Did you hear about the Indian guy who opened up a grocery store?
a: He called I New Deli.

q: How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One. We are efficient and don't like humour.

q: What do Bill Cosby and the Little Dutch Boy have in common?
a: Both were caught with their finger in the dyke.

q: What's the opposite of shell shock?
a: Shell expectation

q: Can february march?
a: No, but april may. ~~ sorry, I just love bad jokes~~

q: What did the little boy with cancer get for Christmas?
a: AIDS

q: Who is the most successful liar in the world?
a: Mary. Lied about her extramarital affair, still believed by billions.

q: What is Carrie Fisher's favorite snack?
a: Frito Leah's

q: What is 12 inches long, rock hard and full of semen?
a: The sock under my bed.

q: What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild?
a: deez nuts

q: How do you circumcise a hillbilly ?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw 

q: What's Caitlyn Jenner's favorite comic book?
a: X-Men

q: Did you ever hear about that movie constipation?
a: No? Well that's because it never came out 

q: What do Pizza Delivery guys and Gynecologists have in common?
a: They can both smell it, but can't eat it..

q: When do we need airplane noises?
a: NEEEEEEEEOOOOOOWWWWWWW

q: What's 6 inches long and 2 inches wide and drives women wild ?
a: A 100$ bill 

q: Why are the police so corrupt?
a: Because criminals keep turning themselves into the police.

q: There is white wine and red wine. Have you heard of the new black wine coming out of California?
a: When you open it you hear whhhy do iiii have to get a job.  (Whiney voice)   also I stole this joke!!!!  If he shows up and claims it that's fine but I won't credit it to him cause you know racist.

q: What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute?
a: Your job still sucks 

q: What do you call a team of Christian mutant superheroes?
a: The A-Men

q: What did Gandalf say when he tried to shut down Auschwitz?
a: "You shall not gas!"

q: What do you call the armed group in Oregon?
a: Vanilla Isis.

q: Why did the Ogre cry when he left the doctor's office?
a: He was diagnosed with shrecktal cancer.

q: Where does the President keep his armies?
a: In his Baracks 

q: Why do molluscs only think of themselves?
a: Because they're shellfish

q: what do you get if you mix a dachsund with a cocker spaniel/ poodle mix?
a: A cockadockapoo.

q: What's the meaning of life?
a: Why don't you google it?

q: Does money shrink when you wash it?
a: No, but it does when you launder it!  

q: What does Ebenezer Scrooge serve at his Christmas Party?
a: Humburgers! 

q: What does a Jewish cat say at weddings?
a: Meowzel tov

q: Q: Why was Heisenberg such a bad lover?
a: A: When he got the momentum, he couldn't find the position, and when he found the position, he couldn't muster up the momentum.  

q: Why did Jon Snow wait in line at the Apple store ?
a: For the watch . 

q: How did Jim Henson die?
a: He Kermitted suicide

q: How do you know you have a high sperm count?
a: She has to chew.

q: What is a Jawa's favorite drink?
a: Martini

q: What is a cowboy's favorite salad dressing?
a: If you answered "Ranch", you are mistaken...it was a trick question. Cowboys don't eat salad.

q: Who handles font related crimes?
a: A sans sheriff!

q: What is the best spanish joke you've ever heard?
a: I couldnt find the spanish section of reddit

q: Why are there so many Indians working with telemarketing?
a: Because they have the biggest cow center.

q: How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose?
a: 2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a camel toe, a bunch of hares and a fish no one can find.

q: Why did god give women legs?
a: Have you ever seen the trail a snail leaves?

q: What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
a: Comet.

q: What does a scientist who has an epiphany while peeing say?
a: Urea!

q: How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey?
a: He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out.

q: How do attractive men pay for things?
a: They handsome money to the cashier

q: What do you call a cab driver who lost his brakes?
a: A screwdriver

q: Why can't New Zealanders tell you how many sexual partners they've had?
a: Every time they start to count, they fall asleep. 

q: What did the ninja say to the waiter when asked what to drink?
a: The ninja replies with "Wata!"

q: You know what's way better than an iPod?
a: A zune

q: What's the difference between a chef and a gay guy?
a: A chef doesn't stir yesterday's food.

q: What is the worst part about having sex with an old woman?
a: Ever open a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: what phone service has the fastest internet?
a: Sprint 

q: What did the Nihilist whisper into his lover's ear?
a: Sweet Nothings.

q: What does Harry Potter say after he purchases slaves?
a: I expect to Potter-own 'em.

q: What do you call the procedure for female to male sex change?
a: A stitchadicktomy

q: Why do dwarf's laugh while playing football?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls.

q: Do you think Dr. Seuss' wife liked to be called Ma?
a: Because if so she would be a Ma Seuss.

q: What's the difference between a degree in Theoretical Physics and a theoretical degree in Physics?
a: One is relevant and can get you a job. The other you went to university for. 

q: How do you become invisible?
a: Get a child and then perform sex-altering surgery.  Then you become a transparent.

q: Why should you never mention the number 288?
a: Because it's two gross.  source: someone told me this joke, it's not my joke.

q: What was Rudolph's nickname?
a: Names. Because they used to laugh and call him Names. Credit to my dad.

q: What Is Brown and Rhymes With Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What do you get when you combine Bromine with Barium?
a: "Breaking Bad"

q: What did Buddha say to the Pizza guy?
a: "Make me one with everything."

q: How do you know its noon on an Apple Watch?
a: The screen stays black when you check the time. 

q: What do you call a basketball player who likes Indian food?
a: Steph curry

q: Have you ever eaten ethiopian food?
a: No? Them neither

q: Which country has the loosest regulations on incest?
a: Oh shit, this isn't Google.

q: How does Father Christmas request a four-way at a brothel?
a: Ho ho ho

q: What kind of shoes does Solid Snake wear?
a: Sneakers. Huehuehue.

q: What's the difference between a coat and jacket?
a: If I get bored I can't watch porn and coat. 

q: Why are people afraid to talk to black people?
a: Their scared they'll say something nigative 

q: Why don't cats like online shopping?
a: They prefer a cat-alogue.

q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Juan

q: What did water say when ice farted?
a: Ice melt it.

q: How does the moon cut his hair?
a: 'Eclipse it.

q: Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat?
a: Not because he was in to bestiality, you Islamophobe. He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday.

q: What do you call a snobbish criminal going down stairs?
a: A condescending con descending

q: Is BB hungry?
a: No, BB-8.

q: What was the first mention of soccer in the bible?
a: When Jesus went up for the cross.

q: Who made Lewis and Clark's footwear?
a: Sock-a-gawea.

q: What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe?
a: 400 Million Dollars.

q: What do you call a metalhead with a cold?
a: Flemmy

q: What is green, fuzzy and very deadly if it falls on you out of a tree?
a: A pool table.

q: What does Ronald Reagan have that Jimmy Carter doesn't?
a: A widow.

q: What did one gay sperm say to the other?
a: How do we find the egg in all this shit?

q: What do the mob and eating pussy have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in for some shit.  (It is probably a re-post but I'm sure I've heard it IRL, besides what isn't a Re-post these days anyway?)

q: What does a Mexican say to piss you off?
a: "You are now Manuelly breathing."

q: How much does it cost to kill a Jew?
a: It holocausts one. 

q: How did the New Orlean Pelicans get their name?
a: They should've gone with the Hurricanes. 

q: What part of the vegetable can you not put in a mixer?
a: The wheelchair

q: Did you hear about the newlyweds who mixed up the lube and window putty?
a: All their windows fell out

q: Do cats stutter?
a: No, but they paws.

q: What is the theme song for the KKK?
a: We gon be all white

q: You know what's better than having roses on your piano?
a: Having tulips on your organ!

q: How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Wanna go ride a bike?

q: What do you call a doctor that graduated at the bottom of their class?
a: Doctor.

q: Why can't your hand be 12 inches long?
a: Because then it would be a foot..

q: Why do female skydivers use tampons?
a: So they don't whistle on the way down! (Ba-dum tish)

q: Why do they call it the Star Wars Universe?
a: When it's only a galaxy

q: Why don't they let blind people sky dive?
a: It scares the shit out the dogs.

q: What are Mexican hackers called?
a: BanDDoS

q: What's Isis' favorite race?
a: The 100-meter daesh. Q: What's Isis' favorite punctuation mark? A: The em-daesh. Q: How much cinnamon does the Isis recipe for gingersnaps call for? A: Just a daesh.

q: What pen company did Lance Armstrong buy?
a: Uniball

q: What is the type of conference that brings together knights and mathematicians?
a: A 

q: Why did the rapper die after being shot?
a: He forgot 2pac his bullet proof vest

q: What does Michigan State football and Marijuana have in common?
a: They are both green and get smoked in bowls!

q: What is the motto of the French navy?
a: To the water, it is time!  Or in french...  ... BWA HA HA HA.  OK... I know this is kind a dad joke but.... yeah (for those don't speak French and thus don't get this, click the link and click the speaker to have it read to you ;) )

q: What animal did they have in concentration camps?
a: Dachau

q: Who was the greatest motherfucker in history?
a: Oedipus.

q: What has three eyes, three hands, and three legs?
a: Two pirates

q: What's the word that starts with 'n', ends with 'r', and you wouldn't ever want to call a black guy?
a: Neighbor

q: What do you call an Orangutan, a tortoise and a hamster in cars?
a: Top Gear,                    

q: What did the Jewish father say when his daughter asked for fifty bucks?
a: What are you going to spend forty dollars on, I mean really why do you need thirty dollars?

q: What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood?
a: Spaghetto

q: Are Ginger Ale made from real gingers?
a: Said Cartman.

q: Are you a magician??
a: Because you're making my penis levitate. 

q: Why are elephants grey?
a: So you can tell them apart from blueberries!

q: What is the difference between a rooster and a Hooker?
a: A rooster says "cock-a-doodle-do" and a Hooker says "any cock will do."

q: Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?
a: He's all right now. 

q: What's the best thing about being black?
a: Not having to listen to awful dad jokes.

q: What do gamers make for New Years?
a: A New Years RESOLUTION

q: What did Bill Cosby say when he was arrested?
a: Hey, hey, hey,  it was only a pudding pop!

q: How do magicians hide their boners?
a: The power of missed-erection.

q: What is the difference between Windows and the US Goverment?
a: There is none. All of us hope that the next version will be more stable.

q: How many dogs does it take to change a tampon?
a: 26

q: How do you sell a deaf guy a frog?
a: DO YOU WANT TO BUY A FROG?  rip. 

q: What's the difference between a green elephant and a purple one?
a: One of them is purple 

q: What commercials are the longest?
a: Viagra

q: How do you know a wood pieces history?
a: You check its logbook

q: What is the most honest vegetable?
a: Beetruet

q: What was Hitler's favourite computer game?
a: Mein Kraft

q: Where do you see yourself in 2020?
a: I DON'T KNOW I DON'T HAVE 4 YEAR VISION!!!!!!!!!!

q: What if a side effect to laxatives was death?
a: That'd be a shitty way to die.

q: What kind of wood doesn't float?
a: Natalie Wood.

q: Affirmation or irony?
a: Yes.

q: Why do white people hate being called crackers?
a: Because they find it insaltine. 

q: What is the only difference between this year and last year?
a: A building in Dubai.

q: What do girlfriends and sperm have in common?
a: They both always seem to end up in your clothes

q: What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy?
a: A Cameron Diaz

q: What do you call a cold hotdog?
a: A cold-dog

q: What do you do with a Jew with ADHD?
a: Put him in a concentration camp. 

q: What happens to a plate made out of cookies when you drop it?
a: It chips.

q: Can you milk these?
a: A farmer is lying in bed with his wife when he turns to her grabs her tits and says "Honey if you could get milk out of these we could sell the cow". Then he grabs her pussy and says "Honey if you could get eggs out of here we could sell the chickens". She turns to him smiles,grabs his dick and says "Honey if you could get this up I could get rid of your brother"

q: Q: How many lawyers does it take to plaster a wall?
a: A: It depends how hard you throw them.

q: What do teachers drink at school?
a: Facul-tea

q: Why do Jewish men get circumsized?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off

q: What do you call a three-humped camel?
a: Pregnant

q: What's the real reason Mr. Clean is always smiling?
a: He likes it dirty.

q: Why do scuba divers falls backwards off of the boat?
a: Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.

q: You know what really makes my day?
a: The rotation of the earth

q: Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
a: 'cause they're ugly and they stink.

q: What did undead Superman say to his date?
a: Do you want to come to my kryptonite?

q: What do you call the day before a trip to an otolaryngologist?
a: New Ears Eve

q: Why do Chinese knights have a low rate of survival?
a: They all have chinks in their armor.

q: What do you call a rooster drawing sh*t?
a: Cock-A-Doodle-Doo

q: Did you know John Lennon was really into bukkake?
a: Yeah the lyrics are really spelt: Cum together  Right now  Over me

q: What human organ would survive the longest in the hunger games?
a: The liver

q: Why did Helen Keller only masturbate with her right hand?
a: so she could moan with the left

q: Ever hear of the Infinite Monkey Theorem?
a: It goes something like if an infinite number of Redditors typed away on keyboards, one of them will eventually type a complete day of work.

q: Why did Sally the stripper stop dating the guitar player?
a: He kept trying to tune her G string.

q: Who is the only man to record more knock outs than Mike Tyson?
a: Bill Cosby

q: Why didn't Ronald McDonald like to go fishing?
a: Because every time he did, he'd catch a whopper.

q: How do mathematicians solve constipation?
a: They just work it out with a pencil!

q: How many people does it take to circumcise a whale?
a: Foreskin divers

q: What kind of music did Jesus hate?
a: Anything by Judas Priest and Nine Inch Nails.

q: What's the difference between two dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: How can you tell that the movie Martian is not realistic?
a: Because Americans use imperial unit system.

q: Have you heard about the blind hooker?
a: You've gotta hand it to her

q: So, the new year isn't a screen?
a: But how can it have a resolution?

q: Whats all of this fuss about reposts?
a: I haven't seem any all year! (It's 12:00 NZST)

q: Where does a rapists train stop?
a: Anal deva-station

q: War. What is it good for?
a: Some people say "nothing", but my stock portfolio's looking promising.

q: Which is better: blind or deaf?
a: Deaf. Because the blind community can't see each other often.

q: What's the difference between the Amish and a Ferrari?
a: About 568 horses.

q: Do you know which country they only write songs about poverty in?
a: Singapore.

q: An American and a Muslim are at a bar. Who got there first?
a: The drone.

q: Why shouldn't you trust a midget?
a: Because their head's close to their butt.

q: Why are there no jehovah's witnesses in Italy?
a: The mafia doesn't like witnesses.

q: Why did the horse feel famous on Reddit?
a: He was gelded.

q: Did you hear about the solider that survived a mustard gas attack and a pepper spray attack?
a: He's now a seasoned veteran.

q: What's the difference between a drunk and a stoner?
a: A drunk drives right through a stop sign, a stoner waits for it to turn green.

q: What do you get when you cross the Cosby Show with Law & Order: SVU?
a: Women Say the Darndest Things

q: What do people do when a chemist dies?
a: They barium.

q: What do you call a protein that has anger management issues?
a: Amino acid!

q: How does a neckbeard address a black person?
a: M'nigga

q: What's a golf club's favorite type of music?
a: Swing!

q: How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?
a: All of them.

q: Have you heard of the hysterical TIE fighter squadron?
a: ... lol lol lol lol ...

q: What playground equipment do kids hate the most?
a: The slide into poverty.

q: (Dark humor) what's the difference between a sandwich and a dead baby?
a: I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it.

q: What's the difference between a famous book by Dickens and a woman who buys fake boobs?
a: One is a Tale of Two Cities...

q: Why are government employees constipated?
a: Because they don't do shit.

q: Whats the difference between Bob Marley and Heracles?
a: Heracles beat Cancer

q: What type of overalls did Mario wear?
a: Denim Denim Denim......

q: Why is it best to ship boxes using a UPS truck?
a: The DOWNS truck is a little slow.

q: How did the pothead propose to his girlfriend?
a: "Marriage.. you wanna?"

q: What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
a: Addictionary

q: What do you call a homosexual weight lifter?
a: Trap Queen

q: What's the difference between a pig and a ham sandwich?
a: You can get a prosecutor to indict the ham sandwich.

q: What's a Jedi's favourite programming language?
a: JabbaScript

q: How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter?
a: A Brazilian

q: What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What did the banana say to the orange?
a: Fruit can't talk

q: What do girls always wear to math class?
a: Alge-Bras!!

q: What did Chewy say after episode VII?
a: I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo, I'm riding solo solo

q: What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?
a: Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV?

q: What do you call a person who sexually identifies as a Xenomorph?
a: An alie-kin

q: What do you call a midget psychic wanted for murder?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What do you get when you cross a Mexican and an Asian?
a: A car thief who can't drive

q: Where did Suzy go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere

q: How come you never get into a fart contest with a girls?
a: They have double barrels. Probably a repeat, but my brother in law hadn't heard it so I figured I would post it.

q: What do you call a weed smoker with abs?
a: A Narc.

q: Whats the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
a: John Wayne stopped killing Indians 

q: Did you hear the one about the dyslexic insomniac agnostic?
a: He lay awake at night, wondering if there is a dog. 

q: Why is PTSD like riding a bike?
a: You never forget

q: Did you hear the one about those kids in China?
a: I'd tell it to you but it's a bit insensitive to tell jokes about youth in Asia.

q: What do you get when you cross a railroad with a refrigerator?
a: Killed.

q: Why are there no Jews on Jupiter?
a: Because it's a gas planet.

q: What do you call Abe Lincoln having sex?
a: The emancipator-procreator.

q: What do Chinese people call Chinese food?
a: Food.

q: Which of the Three R's does this subreddit like to do the most?
a: Reuse.

q: Why are black people afraid of high fives?
a: They don't want to be left hanging 

q: Why do green beans meditate?
a: To find inner peas!

q: What does Darth Vader identify as on Tumblr?
a: Ana-kin

q: Why did Elliot Rodger kill more men than women?
a: It was his privilege.

q: Why were the students confused by the gay kid's performance in school?
a: He was getting straight D's

q: Why don't NFL players wear glasses?
a: Because it's a contact sport.

q: Why don't professional athletes ride bikes to warm-up before games?
a: Because then they'd be two tired

q: What do you call a lousy psychic?
a: Telepathetic.

q: What do you get when you cross peanuts and almonds?
a: Deez Nutz

q: What do you call it when you punch someone with an avocado?
a: Guacamelee

q: Where is the best place to hide a dead body?
a: A cemetery

q: Fun fact: Did you know that HIV is Roman for 'high five'?
a: Pass it on - or, rather, don't.

q: How do rednecks circumcise a baby?
a: Kick their daughter in the jaw.

q: Who Has a Chance for the Title: The World's First Gay Ass Motherfucker?
a: Brody Jenner, Bruce's / Caitlyn's son First joke posted. 

q: Is this math joke going to be bad?
a: Paraboly 

q: Why were the two Chinese scientists having trouble cloning a caucasian?
a: Because two Wongs can't make a white.

q: Why do astronomers eat steak before skywatching?
a: They're hoping for meatier showers

q: What do you call a boring banana?
a: unaPEELING

q: If the universe were not absurd, would it make sense?
a: squid

q: Whats the difference between 8 dicks and a joke??
a: Your mom cant take a joke.

q: What did the spanish fireman name his 2 sons?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: How did the Girl Scout Samoa cookies get their name?
a: Because after you eat one, you want samoa!

q: What do you call a picture of an electric piano?
a: Photosynthesis!

q: What's worse than the Holocaust?
a: Winning the jackpot in two separate lotteries at the same time.

q: How would Saitama defeat all S class heroes?
a: Consecutive normal punches

q: What's the difference between a hedgehog and a Jeep?
a: With the hedgehog the pricks can be seen on the outside and with a Jeep the prick can be seen on the inside.

q: Why are there no knock knock jokes about America?
a: Because freedom rings.

q: How do subscribers of r/jokes like their ribs?
a: Tickled.

q: Why was the chess player pregnant?
a: Because they were mated.

q: (NSWF) Why did Micheal Jackson go to JC Penny?
a: He heard little boys pants were 50% off...

q: Did you hear about the woman who got caught with pot in her fake breasts?
a: It was a huge drug bust

q: Did you get those pants on sale?
a: Guy: Hey girl did you get those pants on sale? Girl: No why. Do they look bad? Guy: No cause they'd be 100% off at my place.

q: What's the difference between between a piano, tuna, and glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you cant piano tuna!

q: How do you drive a Unitarian out of town?
a: Burn a question mark on their front lawn.

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus-stop and a Lobster with boobs?
a: one is a Crusty bus station, and the other is a Busty Crustacean!

q: How do Jewish mothers prevent wrinkles?
a: Oil of Oy Vey. 

q: Why did the sperm cross the street?
a: Because i put on the wrong socks.

q: Who is the best Podracer in Star Wars?
a: Michael Chewbacca EDIT: Some people don't get the joke..... Michael schumacher is a F1 race car driving legend. 

q: What's the difference between a hotel and a lodge?
a: You can't hotel your dick into someone's ass.

q: What is a ghost's favorite type of porn?
a: Boo-kakke.

q: What do you give an actor playing the role of an angry street gang member?
a: Mad props...

q: Why did my family serve Eggs Benedict on a hubcap for Christmas breakfast?
a: Because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise. 

q: Why should you always invite mushrooms to your parties?
a: They're fun guys!

q: What do pirates call fat whores?
a: LAND HO!

q: What did Michael Jackson ask his father's mother when she slipped and fell to the ground?
a: Granny are you okay,I said granny are you okay,are you okay granny?!

q: What's the difference between spinach and sodomy?
a: None really. You can add as much butter as you want, kids just won't enjoy them.

q: Why do you never wanna see an elevator in a horror game?
a: Cuz you know something's about to go down. Im sorry

q: What is Kim Jong Un's favourite video game?
a: Duke Nukem.

q: Why did Waldo go to therapy?
a: ..to find himself.

q: What do you call it when a pimp catches a roomful of hookers snorting coke?
a: A punchline.

q: What did the martini say when someone put a toothpick in it?
a: It hurts, but olive.

q: Did you here they opened a pasta joint in hell?
a: They call it Dante's Alfredo!

q: What did the yoga teacher say to her land lord when he tried to evict her?
a: Nah Imma stay

q: Where was Soloman's temple located?
a: On the side of his head.

q: How do you know if you're in a French Village?
a: If you see sap buckets on telephone poles. 

q: What do you get when you cross and owl with a bungee chord?
a: My ass 

q: What do you call a gay Chocobo?
a: A kweer.

q: What do you call a foot doctor, curled up in a ball on the floor?
a: A pedal physician in the fetal position.

q: Hey, you know why goldfish are the only snack that smiles back?
a: because they are baked.

q: Have you heard about that new dating app for serial killers?
a: It's called Skinder

q: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
a: A Thesaurus.

q: How do you kill a clown?
a: How do you kill a clown? DING DONG. Someone got the joke.

q: Why didn't the principal of the school for the blind allow his students to go duck-hunting?
a: He knew that some of them wouldn't miss the blind ...

q: What do you call an overweight psychic?
a: A four-chin teller.

q: Why ya going to the airport?
a: : "Why ya going to the airport? Flying Somewhere?" : "How'd you guess?" : "Well, I saw your luggage, then when I saw the airplane ticket I put two and two together. So where you headed?" : "Aspen." : "Mmm, California.. Beautiful." 

q: What do Volkswagen and a boy going through puberty have in common?
a: They both lie about their emissions.

q: Why were the bakers hands brown?
a: He kneaded a poo

q: What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
a: "See you next month."

q: How do you circumcise a Trump supporter?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: What has 5 arms and rocks?
a: Def Leppard

q: How do you get a fat lady in a car?
a: Piece of cake. 

q: What do you get if you play a country music song backwards?
a: You get your wife back. Your house back. Your truck back. Your dog back...

q: Have you heard the one about the 10 apples and 8 of them were good?
a: ... 2 bad.

q: Why did Elton John have to go to hospital after the Queen concert?
a: They found traces of Mercury in him.

q: Did you hear about the new restaurant on the Moon?
a: The food's ok, but it has no atmosphere. 

q: Why was the topologist confident about performing a vasectomy?
a: Because open balls are in his neighborhood

q: What's worse than finding half a worm in an apple?
a: Finding a vein in a hot dog.

q: why do indians hate snow?
a: because it is white and on their land

q: What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals?
a: Philippe Philoppe.

q: What do you call a Roman with a wet mustache and a smile?
a: Gladiator.

q: Why can't the bicycle stand on its own ?
a: Because its two tyred

q: What does Miller Light and having sex in a canoe have in common?
a: They're both fucking close to water.

q: What's DJ Khaleds favourite number?
a: 11, because it has another one

q: What does Green Day say before bed?
a: Green night

q: Did you know that each condom has a serial number printed on it?
a: I guess you have never had to roll it back that far.

q: Is there any Indian left?
a: No, there's naan left. 

q: What do you call an Chinese family with a pet dog?
a: Vegetarians.  Source: I'm Chinese.

q: What's the one thing pacifism and Hinduism have in common?
a: Those who practice them don't want any beef with people.

q: Why is Santa so jolly?
a: Why is Santa so jolly? Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. Happy Holidays Fun!

q: What is an extremist's favourite thing to have sex with?
a: A blow up doll

q: What do you call a person who supports abortion yet believes it's murder?
a: A psychopath.

q: Are you a mixologist?
a: I could tell by your poor style.

q: What do you call a dentist gunfighter?
a: Clean Teathstwood.

q: Why are oceans called "The High Seas"?
a: Because of all the seaweed!

q: What do you call a person who kills babies and gets paid for it?
a: An abortion doctor.

q: How do you stop a dog from barking in July?
a: Shoot him in June.

q: How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass?
a: Very satisfying.

q: Why was the juice company losing customers?
a: There was no punch-line. 

q: The Revenant: How do you call a scalped Leonardo DiCaprio?
a: Leonardo DiCabrio

q: Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?
a: Great Food! No atmosphere.

q: How does Harry Potter go down a hill?
a: By walking. JK. Rowling.

q: What do you call an anti-social black man?
a: A brown recluse.

q: Why Do Jews Make Good Philosophers?
a: They think that everything Israel.

q: What's worse than lime?
a: Sublime.

q: What happened to the gay dude whose lover kicked him out his house?
a: He is Homoless

q: Why did Erdogan stop a man from jumping off a bridge?
a: One does not simply fly in Turkish airspace without Erdogan's permission.

q: Why can't the homeless ever get by in America?
a: because there's no chaaaannggggeeeee

q: Why is Santa so Jolly?
a: Cause he knows where all the bad girls live.

q: Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger inspire George W Bush to become president?
a: A: Because he could explain the Bush administration's positions on civil liberties in the original German!

q: What's the only thing that grows in Oakland?
a: A: The Crime Rate!

q: Why do you wrap gophers in electrical tape?
a: So they don't explode when you fuck 'em.

q: You hear the one about the 13 inch ruler?
a: Never mind. It's too long.

q: Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
a: I don't know. I don't have 2020 Vision.

q: How do you tell the time in the US?
a: By looking at a bomb

q: Do you love sex?
a: A guy married his cousin. when they were at their honeymoon, they made sex, she had no idea what was he doing "poor girl". when they came back she asked her husband about it, he explaind, after he went to work, she went to the store. while she was coming back she saw a family friend, she asked him to come by to drink a cup of coffee, while they were talking, she asked him, Do you love sex? He said yes, she was really hot tho. Then she said: my husband will be back soon, he'll fuck both of us.

q: What did the french baker ghost said?
a: BOO! Langerieeee!

q: What do a priest and a Christmas tree have in common?
a: Their balls are just for decoration

q: Did you hear Chewbaca won the NFL MVP his first year in the league?
a: Did you hear Chewbaca won the NFL MVP his first year in the league? It was a great Wookie season!

q: Why can't you trust stairs?
a: Because they are always up to something.

q: You remember those yardsticks?
a: They don't make them any longer.

q: When can you store food in a door?
a: When it's ajar.

q: What's long and hard and full of "SEE-MEN"?
a: A submarine, obviously.

q: What did the Zune say to the iPod?
a: You da real MP3. 

q: What do you get when you throw a Canadian down a flight of stairs?
a: An apology. 

q: What's the difference between an elected official and a piece of garbage?
a: Garbage gets thrown out.

q: What is an amputees favorite movie?
a: Armageddon.

q: What did the three-legged horse do when it started to rain?
a: It ran to the unstable.

q: What jedi is the best at opening PDF files?
a: Adobe Wan Kenobi

q: Why can Unicorns only be ridden by a adult female virgin?
a: They're both imaginary

q: What happened in China on Christmas?
a: The Rice-child was born.

q: Why don't we elect fat presidents any more?
a: Because they don't run. 

q: What's the worst news for a NASCAR driver before a race?
a: "The track is alright."

q: Why are dyslexia kids scared of Christmas?
a: Satan comes down the chimney.

q: Why is the iPhone 6 the coolest smart phone around?
a: Carry it around in your pocket for a while and it'll be on every selfie you take.

q: How do snowmen get around?
a: By icicle.

q: How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just kidding, you can't change anything in the United States.

q: How is the 85 year old Contractor that survived lung cancer doing?
a: Asbestos he can. I'm so sorry.

q: Why did the T-Rex fail his business project?
a: He couldn't make hands meet.

q: Why did the Tumblr killed the Reddit fan?
a: Because Reddit SUCKS.

q: What do you call it when you lobotomize a bunch of terrorists?
a: Simplifiying Radicals. (MATH joke)

q: Why can't Emma Watson ever play Hermione Granger again?
a: 'Cos once you go black, you never go back.

q: What do you get if you cross a shark with a snowman?
a: An empty playground

q: Why was the vegetable store robber embarrassed?
a: He got caught taking a leek

q: What do you call a child afraid of Santa?
a: Claustrophobic 

q: What do you call a pansexual guy named Nick who works at a cd store?
a: Pan nick at the disc co.

q: Why Do Farts Smell?
a: So deaf people can enjoy them too!

q: Why did the monkey fall of the tree?
a: Why did the second monkey fall off the tree? Why did the third monkey fall of the tree?  Peer pressure.

q: What do they sing at a snowman's birthday party?
a: Freeze a jolly good fellow

q: What did Trump say to Obama?
a: Orange is new black [p.s. - not my original, my friend told me this one]

q: What did Hitler dream of during the holidays?
a: A WHITE Christmas!

q: What do you call an elf that sings?
a: A wrapper.

q: What do the lady reindeer do on Christmas eve?
a: They hit the town and blow a few bucks.

q: Why do Yoda's jokes always suck?
a: Says the punch line first, he does.

q: What do you call someone who would do *anything* for a chocolate snack cake?
a: A ho ho ho.  (merry xmas!)

q: What do they call shrimp killing a bunch of other shrimp?
a: A krilling spree!

q: Q: Why does vegan cheese taste bad?
a: It hasnt been tested on mice.

q: What did the A/C unit say when it suddenly turned on?
a: "Sorry, I just needed to vent"

q: What happened why the grape was squished?
a: It let out a little wine Eh....eh..eh

q: How can you smuggle 500 Jews across the border in one car?
a: In an ash tray

q: How can you tell when a fax has been sent by a blonde?
a: When there's a stamp on it.

q: What do you call a night watchman with deep-set self-esteem issues?
a: An insecurity guard 

q: What game do M Night Shymalan's family play at Christmas?
a: Secret Satan.

q: How did the blind man know Santa was in his house?
a: He felt his presents. 

q: What do you call a person who likes white rice, and not brown rice?
a: A ricest.

q: What did the blind man say when he walked into the fish market?
a: "Good morniiiiiiing ladies!"

q: What did the Roman say when the Greek accused him of stealing his gods?
a: It was all a myth-take!

q: What do you call 4 condoms?
a: For me, a year's supply.

q: What do you call Sting 5 minutes ago?
a: Stung.

q: Where does Santa go on vacation?
a: North Pole-land

q: What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman?
a: Snowballs!

q: Why doesn't Santa Clause have any kids?
a: He only comes once a year

q: Why does Santa Claus like to go down the chimney?
a: Because it soots him! Beat that!!

q: I wonder if poor kids in Africa dream of a white christmas?
a: Like spending time with your whole family, getting tons of Xboxes and play stations. Heaping servings of food, etc.

q: First sign of your mother not loving you?
a: Abortion.

q: I met an elderly at the park and asked him what was going on?
a: He smiled and told me "I have Parkinson"

q: What do US Jews call Santa?
a: Sennah.

q: What do the female reindeer do when they want some fun?
a: They go into town and blow a few bucks.

q: What is Santas motto?
a: Wrap your package before you shove it down the chimney.

q: Did you hear about the guy who drowned in a glass of Ribena?
a: He was dragged away by a strong current.

q: What do you call a fast zombie?
a: A zoombie

q: How did Peter Parker know Mary Jane was cheating on him?
a: He spied her man.

q: Why was Santa upset when he got a sweater for Christmas?
a: Because he was hoping for a screamer or a moaner.

q: How tall is Luke Skywalker?
a: Six foot force :)

q: Why is santa's sack so big?
a: Because he only comes once a year.  Like most jokes on this thread this is stolen, not being a shitcunt and taking credit...

q: Who is your Grandma's favorite politician?
a: Bernie Sandmaster Flash

q: What do you call movie night at Bill Cosby's house?
a: Netflix and pill

q: What do a Christmas tree and a Priest have in common?
a: The balls are just for decoration

q: Why couldn't the skeleton cross the road?
a: Because the didn't have the guts to do it.

q: Why can't you give bad news to someone on the Moon?
a: It lacks gravity.

q: Why Is Reddit Called Reddit?
a: Because you already read it.

q: What do you call two lesbians in a canoe?
a: Fur traders.

q: Why did the BDSM store get behind on its shipments?
a: Bbecause they were all tied up...

q: How do you know Santa Claus is married?
a: He only comes once a year. 

q: Did you hear the one about the guy who had to go to the ER with six toy horses in his anus?
a: They listed his condition as stable.

q: What us the difference between white, brown and black people?
a: The time God took to cook us

q: Wanna come over and play Jenga?
a: So you know my pull out game is strong.

q: What do black people and bikes have in common?
a: Both get thrown out when they have no use

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song?
a: I'm dreaming of a white Christmas

q: How do you blind an Asian?
a: Put a windshield in front of them

q: Why does doctor pepper come in a can?
a: Because his wife is dead

q: How do you call a whores pubic hair?
a: Public hair Ill show myself out..

q: What do Aids, Syphilis and Chlamydia have in common?
a: Your mom.

q: What's worse than a moron?
a: A lessoff.

q: What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?
a: Well hung.

q: How do you react when looking in the mirror?
a: You cry because you shoved a cactus up your peckar.

q: What do you call five black people having sex?
a: A threesome. 

q: What is the direct competitor for Dungeons and Dragons?
a: Helmets and Spades. Tee hee.

q: Why don't you see Santa for the rest of the year?
a: Because for the rest of the year he's in prison for breaking into people's houses.

q: Why is Santa Claus always a man?
a: Because no woman will wear same dress year after year for same occasion.

q: What cologne do engineers wear?
a: Elon's musk

q: Where do twin lesbians party?
a: Klondike Bar

q: How do you get to the top of a weather beacon?
a: Climate 

q: When is Independence Day 2 coming out?
a: 9/11

q: Why did I go to the dentist at an Indian Reservation?
a: To get some Sioux veneers

q: Why can't two even numbers be together?
a: The odds are against them.

q: What does the train say as its heading toward Auschwitz?
a: Jew-Jew!

q: What is the safest place in the galaxy?
a: In the direct line of fire of a Storm Trooper.

q: What do you call the child of two redheads?
a: Ginger bread

q: Why did the black man wear a suit to his vasectomy?
a: If he was going to be Impotent he wanted to look impotent. (important) 

q: How do you know when a vampire is sick?
a: He starts coffin...

q: Have you heard about the one-armed super hero?
a: He single handedly stops crime.

q: Why do men with prostate issues have issues stealing video game systems?
a: Because they have trouble taking a Wii.

q: Why were Jeremy Clarkson's colleagues excited to try his mulled wine?
a: Because they'd been floored by his punch.

q: Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
a: A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.

q: Did you hear about the amazing new prosthetic device for paraplegics?
a: It's called a Vegetable Stand.

q: What do you call Apple's next beauty product?
a: The iLiner. 

q: What did Anakin Skywalker cry out as he lay dying and on fire?
a: Patme! Patme! Credit to my wife on this one

q: Why do some Italian Christmas cakes cause so much trouble?
a: Because you have to open pandoro's box to eat them.

q: Why didn't the Germans eat their Christmas cake?
a: Because it was Stollen. I made up this joke when I was twelve, 29 years ago.  A search of this subreddit shows that it has been made before.  Being kind of a no-brainer, it is easy to believe that someone else came up with it independently.  But it would be really cool if, and it is entirely possible that it is my own joke getting back to me.

q: Do you want to hear a trick to get a head in life?
a: Murder

q: Where did Santa meet his wife?
a: Conjunction junction, they specialize in hooking up words, phrases, and Clauses

q: Why did the tennis player get thrown out of his workshop?
a: He was making a racket.

q: What are your favorite jokes for the Holidays?
a: For those of us that struggle with our family perhaps this will help break the ice. 

q: What a plates scared off?
a: Ebowla.

q: Did you know the anthem of the USA is about a Mexican immigrant?
a: The first line is even about how he got in illegally at night: "Jose can you see, by the dawn's early light..."

q: What does Eminem think about Trump?
a: Trump is a Dump with a Lump in his plump body/ He's like a grump with a hump, a nobody/, but his words pump up racists who jump others races and he watches them thump each other to feel like somebody please replace his head with a stump and watch him slump

q: What do you call a law enforcement agency that refuses to buy it's own vehicles?
a: The pro-lease department

q: What do little green men do to stay in shape?
a: They do Yoda.

q: The father of Mike Davidson, what's his full name?
a: David Mikesdaad

q: What's the difference between broccoli and cat poop?
a: My dog won't eat broccoli. 

q: How do turtles communicate?
a: With shell phones.

q: What 2 things do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
a: They both ate honey and they both have the same middle name.

q: What do you call a herd of cows masturbating?
a: Beef strokin off.(NSFW)

q: What's the difference between a small bird?
a: One of it's legs is a little smaller.

q: Why did the butcher get fired?
a: For bringing home the bacon.

q: What do you call it when you torture corn to death?
a: Macabre!

q: What kind of magic does a love-struck giraffe practice?
a: Neck-romance-y.

q: How is Islam like a GPS?
a: You may think you're on the right path, but if you follow it literally, you'll end up crashing into a building.

q: How does Darth Vader know what Luke is getting for Christmas?
a: He felt his presents.

q: What's a shopaholic's favourite boy band?
a: NSYNC

q: Whats the difference between your wife and your job?
a: After five years, your job will still suck.

q: How did the Kentucky woman know her daughter was on her period?
a: She tasted the blood on her son's penis.

q: Whats long and hard and full of semen?
a: A submarine.

q: What's the difference between a chick and a woman?
a: The chick says "cock-a-doodle-do", and the woman says " any-cock-will-do"

q: If you put a crown on a donkey, will he be king?
a: No, he would be a donkey with a crown.

q: What did the Ice Cream say to the Birthday Girl?
a: Go 'head girl, it's sherbert day

q: Why are people who vape always trying to chase after bigger clouds?
a: More storage space.

q: Why aren't ants going to church?
a: Because they are in sects.

q: What is Soulja Boy's favorite type of Christmas song??
a: YUUUUUUUUUULLLEEE!!!!!!!!!

q: What does a Chinese gay man have for dinner?
a: Goo of Sum Yung Gai

q: Do you know what the Steve Harvey autobiography is called?
a: Neither does his publisher. He gave it a title, but then took it back.

q: What do you call an epileptic in the garden?
a: Seizure salad 

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and Tiger Woods?
a: Santa stops at three Hos.

q: Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex?
a: Because they have Cotton Balls

q: How does every racist joke start?
a: [looks over both shoulders]....

q: Why does Saudi Arabia have so much oil?
a: Because the women are not allowed to drive.

q: When does John Cena get scared?
a: When John CENA ghost!

q: Whats is long and black?
a: The line to KFC

q: Why did the crow go to the gym?
a: To work on his caw strength.

q: Why do Jewish girls love circumcised dicks?
a: They love anything 10% off

q: What goes 99 clonk, 99 clonk, 99 clonk?
a: A centipede with a wooden leg!

q: How does Trent Reznor's mom hang up his Christmas stocking?
a: With a Nine Inch Nail.

q: Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees?
a: Because they're really good at it.

q: How does the astronaut cut his hair?
a: Eclipse

q: What do you do with a dead scientist?
a: Barium

q: What goes 30 miles per hour and smells like curry?
a: Usain Balti

q: Did you hear about the girl with twelve nipples?
a: Sounds weird, dozen tit?

q: Why can't Jewish girls be basic?
a: They're too Hasidic

q: What do we have for dinner? Wookie steak. Is it any good?
a: Well its a little Chewy

q: What did the Jewish paedophile say to the kid?
a: Would you like to buy some candy?

q: Why didn't the boxer cross the road?
a: He didn't want to be part of a bad punch line.  

q: What did the lawyer say after the short trial?
a: That was a brief case. 

q: Have you seen the new Broadway production about the dictionary?
a: It's a great play on words.

q: You want to hear a funny joke?
a: I said hear not read, you fuck.

q: What has five arms, three legs and a head?
a: The finish line at the Boston Marathon

q: Why did the chicken droid NOT cross the road?
a: Because it had a bad motivator!

q: What does Santa listen to while delivering presents?
a: sleigh-er

q: Did you hear the joke about the piece of paper?
a: Well, it's tearable...

q: What do you call the injury a black guy gets after he gets punched in the eye?
a: uh...a blacker eye?

q: What do you do when ISIS attacks?
a: Make a mad Daesh to a shelter

q: What do you call a beaten up pretzel?
a: A salted pretzel

q: Which is the best kind of dinosaur to play hide & seek with?
a: An I-Don't-Think- He-Saurus 

q: What's the hardest part about fucking a cripple?
a: Paralyzing her.

q: What do cats eat in the summer?
a: Mice cream.. ba dum dum tsst!

q: Why would the Holocaust have failed if the victims were Islamic?
a: Because it would have been impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower.

q: Why is Jar Jar Binks so lonely?
a: He's been looking for love in Alderaan places. 

q: Why did the smart phone eat a lot?
a: It had a big APPetite

q: What makes rock stars great campers?
a: Their living situation is intense.

q: What car does Boba Fett drive?
a: A ManDeLorean.

q: What do you call an obnoxious potato?
a: A dictator.

q: You remember the singer Gotye?
a: Do you know what he's doing these days?  Or would you say he's just somebody that you used to know?

q: Why did the chicken fall into the well?
a: Because she couldn't see that well.

q: What do you call a blowjob from a short person?
a: A low blow

q: What did the Invisible Man's mom say after he came out as invisible?
a: "I can't even look at you anymore!"

q: How do you know if Buzzfeed article is stolen?
a: You get the feeling that you've Reddit before. 

q: What's the difference between a onion and a prostitute?
a: I don't cry when I cut prostitutes.

q: Whats the first thing you do when you spill something on your keyboard?
a: Try to disable sticky keys.

q: When is a rabbi dishonest?
a: July

q: What did the reindeer wear to protect itself while Santa was watering the garden?
a: Rudolph's red hose rain gear...

q: What does a unionized hooker say when she is done work for the day?
a: I'm off the cock.

q: What do you call meat that is on sale for half off in the south?
a: Roadkill

q: What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito?
a: You can't. A mosquito is a vector and the mountain climber is a scaler. Courtesy of my physics professor.

q: How did Michael Jackson pick his nose?
a: From a catalogue.  ba dum tss

q: What do you call political yeti?
a: Obamanable snowman

q: Why can't witches have babies?
a: Because their husbands have hollow-weenies.

q: Why did Anakin kill all the younglings?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why is. Dr.Dre's Headphones so popular?
a: Beats me.

q: What do you call an illegal wristwatch trade?
a: A wrist-ky buisness.

q: How many passive aggressive people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Don't bother, I'll do it myself.

q: What do you call a bench with white people?
a: the NBA

q: What did one plumber say to the other plumber?
a: Pipe down.

q: What did the moderator say to the redditor?
a: [Deleted]

q: What does a War Boy from Mad Max say when he goes to court to sign an affidavit?
a: "WITNESS ME!"

q: Whats your best dad joke?
a: I just welcomed a baby boy and want to kick off being a father by hearing reddits best dad jokes

q: What do you call a girl who likes men with small d**ks?
a: Your girlfriend!

q: What did the pervert get for Christmas?
a: A partial in a pear tree.

q: What caveman say when he get hurt?
a: meow.

q: What do you call a iPhone 6S when its out of memory?
a: Successful.

q: What do you call a colorful nipple?
a: Areola Borealis.

q: How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: "Does it even matter? We're all screwed anyway, man."

q: What is the most popular social media form at Hogwarts?
a: SnapeChat

q: How do you know when your at a gay bbq?
a: All the wieners taste like shit.

q: Whats the only thing two Jewish men can agree on??
a: ....what the third Jewish guy should be paying

q: What is Zack Morris's favorite type of word?
a: A Preppysition

q: What do you call a Mexican walking on the moon?
a: An astronaut you racist..

q: Why don't men like going Downtown with women?
a: Because eating-out can be so expensive.

q: What's a crusader's favourite drink?
a: A Teu-tonic.

q: What did one lesbian frog say to the other?
a: Lickit Lickit

q: What sways from side to side?
a: Jesus on a rubber cross!

q: How do Russians put windows in?
a: Putin Windows duh.

q: What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew?
a: The black Jew sits at the back of the oven.

q: Since it's so close to Christmas: Why did Kim Bauer hate Christmas?
a: Because growing up, every Christmas she would run downstairs excited only to find no presents under the tree, just her father, Jack, smiling and saying, "I give you my word."

q: What do you call a Psychic Midget who escaped from prison?
a: Framed.

q: What did the Olive say when it fell off the table?
a: I'll live...

q: Why should white blood cells never discuss God?
a: Because they would be using the lord's name in vein

q: What did Pontius Pilate say to Jesus?
a: If you drop that damn Cross again you are out of my Parade.

q: How do you confuse a gay person?
a: Seven

q: What do a Christmas tree and a priest have in common?
a: Their balls are just for decoration.

q: What do you call a surfer who loves Muhammad?
a: A radicalized Muslim braaaaaaaaaaaaaa

q: [SPOILER] Who is going to die in the new Star Wars?
a: Some Stormtrooper

q: What do porn stars and prostitutes say when they wake up in the morning?
a: Time to suck today's dick!

q: How many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Six. One to actually change the lightbulb, one to post the joke to reddit, one to make a pun thread, one to make a better joke, one to call it a repost, and one to complain about people complaining about reposts.

q: What is the rudest part of the body?
a: The privates. They're either dicks or cunts.

q: Why does Jesus like Japanese food?
a: Because he loves miso

q: "Why can't a Christmas tree walk?
a: "Because it  ." "Ugh, that's so  ."

q: What's the brightest airship ever made?
a: LED Zeppelin

q: What is a terrorist's favorite board game?
a: Tumbling Towers.

q: My wife asked me what I wanted to eat that's fast and easy?
a: Mmm...Your vagina?

q: How long does it take for a black woman to take a shit?
a: Nine months

q: What do you call a group of racist mathematicians?
a: The K

q: What foreplay does the praying mantis girlfriend enjoys ?
a: Being given head.

q: Did you hear about the murderer in India?
a: he was a very sikh man

q: What do a pair of briefs and a cheap hotel have in common?
a: No ballroom.

q: How many millennials does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: One, but he has to create a safe-space where the light-bulb can go to avoid being offended that it's being replaced.

q: Did you hear about the electron going through an existential crisis?
a: It thought maybe it was a proton, but it wasn't positive. 

q: What do you call a hilarious ghost?
a:  

q: How do you catch a unique rabbit?
a: Unique up on it.

q: How do you catch an elephant?
a: First dig a large hole and surround it with peanuts. Then fill the hole with ash to conceal the trap. Finally, go hide behind some bushes.  Soon enough an elephant will come along and start eating the peanuts. When this happens, sneak up behind the elephant and kick it in the ash-hole.

q: What do Santa and Jared from Subway have in common?
a: They both leave kids rooms with an empty sack

q: Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill Clinton first thing in the morning?
a: She wants to be the first lady.

q: What does Jim Jones and Saitama have in common?
a: They both take out everyone with just one punch.

q: What's the difference between a whore and a prostitute?
a: One of them is a paid professional and the other one's your mom.

q: Why did the father of the asian couple know the baby was not his?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a white

q: Why did Chewbacca turn down Princess Leia?
a: She doesn't Swallowbacca. 

q: Why did the baker have stinky hands?
a: He kneaded a poo

q: Want to hear a Star Wars joke?
a: Hayden Christensen

q: How Can Atheists Make Money, and Get Free Food?
a: By working at an abortion clinic. Or an orphanage.

q: How do you piss off winnie the pooh?
a: Stick 2 fingers in his honey.

q: How are relationships like algebra?
a: You look at your X and try to find out Y

q: Why was Santa upset he got a sweater for Christmas?
a: Because he wanted a screamer of a moaner.

q: Why are pirates always angry when they go to the restroom?
a: Because they p-irate.

q: What did the homeless got for Christmas?
a: Hypothermia.

q: Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: Can I Bring a Playmate?
a: A guy at a hotel is wondering if it's alright to bring his cooler of drinks to the pool on a particularly hot day. "Front desk. Can I help you?" "Is it alright if I bring a Playmate to the pool?" "Yeah, as long as she's dressed."

q: Why was Santa sacked two days before Christmas?
a: Elf and safety

q: Why don't you ever say a joke about Jesus to a Christian?
a: They become pretty cross...

q: [begin metajoke] What did the drunk Chinese customer say to the bartender?
a: No have to cut me off.  Fall off barstool by myself. [end metajoke]

q: Why was Mrs. Clause's stocking full on December 21st?
a: Because Santa came early this year.

q: Why is 'The Game' the most powerful rapper?
a: Because you lose every time you talk about him (   )

q: what do you call a mentally unstable ursine that lives in the antarctic?
a: A bi-polar bear. 

q: Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: Did you hear about the new housing being built where dwarves can live at no charge?
a: It's called the "Stayfree Mini Pad"

q: You know why its women and children first off of a sinking ship?
a: Its so that the men can have some peace and quiet to figure out a solution. 

q: How does an ugly guy get the girl?
a: All he needs is game

q: How do you ruin a date with Princess Leia?
a: By saying Alderaan things.

q: How many Mennonites does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Seven - one to actually change the bulb and six to complain that they liked the old one better.

q: How many metal heads does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. Darkness foreverrrr!

q: How is working in I.T. like being a wizard?
a: You command vast powers beyond the scope of smaller minds, but to them all you do is wiggle your fingers and stuff just happens.

q: How many germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, they are extremely efficient and they dont have any humor.

q: How many atheists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They don't believe in a higher power.

q: How much do I trust reddit?
a: I went on   before seeing the new Star Wars.

q: What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a Hoover vaccuum?
a: The position of the dirt bag.

q: do you know why the chameleon couldn't change colors?
a: he has a reptile dysfunction

q: How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump?
a: The rough is combed over the fairway

q: Why was Mary's phone bill so high?
a: She was a roamin' catholic.

q: What do you call a person with a meat pastry on their ear?
a: Pioneer. 

q: What do you call a black Asian bird?
a: Croatian. 

q: How did the Greek army separate the men from the boys?
a: With a crowbar

q: What's the worst part about getting raped by an eskimo?
a: Being forced Inuit.

q: What do you call a Nun who is moving?
a: Virgin Mobile....

q: Why did the hick move to a toxic waste dump after winning the lottery?
a: They heard it was a Superfund site.

q: Why did the stoner eat cannabis-infused chocolate laxatives?
a: Just for shits 'n' giggles.....  Bored at work thought I'd make up a joke

q: What do you end up with when your pig smokes pot?
a: Baked ham.

q: Where does Chewbacca research his college essays?
a: Wookiepedia

q: Why should you never fight a dinosaur?
a: You'll get jurasskicked!

q: What's a difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
a: Snowballs

q: What state is the highest on every top 50 list?
a: Colorado. 

q: What do you call a Sith lord who refuses to fight?
a: A sithy.

q: How Can Athiests Make Money and Get Free Food?
a: By working at an abortion clinic.

q: Why does Ed Miliband like advent calendars?
a: Because it's his only chance to open the door to Number 10!

q: How do you make beef stew?
a: Tell a cow they're being watched. 

q: Did you hear the guy who invented predictive text has died?
a: His funfair will be held on a sundial. Funfair* Funfair* For ducks sake...

q: Why did the genie turn the man into a toad?
a: He rubbed him the wrong way.

q: What do you call people who worship paper bags?
a: Sack religious

q: What do Han and Chewbacca use to communicate?
a: A wookiee talkie.

q: Why are Redditors naturally great at swordfighting?
a: They practice riposting all the time.

q: What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like?
a: a baaahhhd movie. (   )

q: What do you get when your iPhone auto-corrects "lardass"?
a: Kardashian 

q: What gets really high in Colorado?
a: The average elevation.

q: Why is Harry Potter so popular?
a: The story grows on you.

q: What's the difference between Olive Garden and Reddit?
a: At Olive Garden the servers actually work.

q: What do you call an Irish guy who can't keep off the weight?
a: McFatagain! I'm sorry.

q: Why is China so politically in bed with Africa?
a: Because China is the biggest coal burner in the world

q: How do you eat the Flesh Hounds?
a: WH40K Humor: I don't know about you, but I prefer my Khorne Dogs with ketchup.

q: What do Brussels sprouts and pubic have in common?
a: You push them to the side and keep eating 

q: Why were the Indians here first?
a: They had reservations.

q: Did you hear, John Wayne Bobbit got his penis cut off again?
a: Isn't that redickless?

q: Did you hear about the microbiologist who travelled around the world?
a: He was a man of many cultures

q: What is a fishes favorite kind of sandwich?
a: peanut butter and jellyfish EDIT: you fucking sjw's can't take a fucking joke jesus christ SRS brigading once again everybody 

q: Why was the girl in such a bad mood when she got out of jail?
a: She had a period at the end of her sentence.

q: How do you tell if Lady Gaga is dead?
a: You poker face!

q: What did the mole hill say to the mountain?
a: "I see my ex came by."

q: What happens if you steel?
a: You have to get Alloy-er

q: What kind of Aircraft is into Men and Women?
a: A Biplane.

q: What animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon?
a: A mole

q: Which phone??
a: Person 1 : Suggest me a good phone to buy nowadays. Person 2 : Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is good for winters, will keep you warm. Very warm.                                          Person 1 : So what about summers then?                               Person 2 : Same, it freezes often as well

q: Did you hear about the overly-eager bread dough?
a: In the morning he was always the first one to rise. He didn't want to be a loaf.

q: What do you call two Canadians buy coffee?
a: Double double doubles 

q: What do you call a crazy professor?
a: an academia nut

q: What's the difference between rape and necrophilia?
a: about 5 minutes

q: What is a double amputee's favorite video game?
a: League of Leg ends.

q: Do you remember your first blow job?
a: How long did it take the guy to cum?

q: Why did the fish blush?
a: Because it saw the ocean's bottom.

q: Which Knight invented the Round Table?
a: Sir Cumference

q: Did you hear about the fight at the homeless camp yesterday?
a: It was in tents.

q: What does RoboCop use for fuel?
a: Petroleum

q: What's the best music to listen to while stoned?
a: Rock.

q: What did the programmer from the biker gang say?
a: "It ain't gonna be soft where my engine nearing!"

q: What's another name for dick pics?
a: Junk mail!

q: What do you call Central Florida?
a: The DMZ. Disney Militarized Zone.

q: Why are there no black RV'ers?
a: "Bitch, I drove a bus my entire life." . . . Why are there no black sailors? "I ain't fallin for that shit again!" Continue?... there's got to be a great chain of these like yo-mamma jokes.

q: What do you call a group of trees?
a: A communitree

q: What do you call a (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle?
a: What do you call a (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle? Thief. What do you call TWO (insert racist minority slur here) on a brand new bicycle? Organized crime.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on your front porch?
a: Matt. Others:

q: What kind of porn does Smurfette make?
a: Blue Cocky.

q: Why do the lawyers for the reindeer say they have to pull Santa's sled?
a: Because they have a claus in their contract.

q: What do you call a 2nd grader with no friends?
a: A Sandyhook survivor...................im so sorry.

q: What did the poplar tree say to the weeping willow?
a: Hey pal, you just need to branch out more.

q: How is Jesus different from other carpenters?
a: Unlike other carpenters, Jesus may actually return one day

q: What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?
a: beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck

q: What's Thor's favourite piece of clothing?
a: Thunderpants

q: Do you know the difference between a dildo and a chair?
a: No? Watch out where you sit then.

q: What did Anakin give to Padme for christmas?
a: Sithilis

q: What's an avocado's favorite music?
a: Guac N' Roll

q: What do you call a smiley face if someone uses it that lives in an igloo?
a: An Eskimoji

q: Where did the general put his armies?
a: In his SLEEVIES!!!

q: Did you know Helen Keller had a male roommate?
a: (Neither did she.)

q: Why do some people think Jesus was black?
a: Cause he is our father, and he never came back.

q: What's a thoughtful person's favourite dip?
a: Hmmmus.

q: What do you call a sad asparagus?
a: Despairagus =/

q: Change sentence to tense?
a: Teacher: Change this sentence into Future Tense, "I killed a person" . Student: The Future tense is "You will go to a jail"

q: What was the pornstar doing in school?
a: Analogy

q: What do you call a daredevil Gigolo with dwarfism?
a: A Stunted Stunt Stunter.

q: Why can't Gingers sing RnB music?
a: Because they don't have any soul.

q: Why is North Korea so depressing?
a: Because it ain't got no Seoul.

q: What do Italians do when they're waiting for somthing?
a: They pasta time.

q: How did Satan turn an unbeliever holy?
a: He scared the hell out of him.

q: Why do people get divorced in the holiday season?
a: Because they Marry Christmas!

q: How can you tell if a good ole boy from North Carolina is married?
a: There are tobacco spit stains on BOTH the doors of his truck.

q: What do you get when you cross the devil with a Donald Trump impersonator?
a: A false profit.

q: You know what makes me angry?
a: Haemoglobin kettles. They really make my blood boil. 

q: What do you get with breaking news?
a: News casts

q: What's the same about Christmas and work?
a: I do all the work and a fat man in a suit gets all the credit.

q: What do you call a conversation between two people who are pooping?
a: Chit-Shatting

q: Why do children cry when they find out Santa isn't real?
a: They figured out who has been drinking their milk and eating the cookies!

q: When/If Scotland becomes independent, what will the national currency be called?
a: Doesn't matter, you won't be able to pry it out of the cheap bastards' hands anyway.

q: How do you shut Donald Trump up?
a: Muzzle-im

q: Why was 6 happy to see 7?
a: Because 7 ate 9. 

q: What did the scientist say when he discovered the lowest possible temperature?
a: OK

q: What do you call a mentally challenged feather pillow?
a: A downs pillow.

q: How do you know Adam and Eve weren't Chinese?
a: They would have eaten the snake

q: Why are Ethopians so fit?
a: Because they have to run around in the shower to get wet.

q: What kind of condoms do frogs wear?
a: Rib-bed

q: Who is Shrek's favorite basketball player?
a: Shrekquille O'Neal I'm sorry

q: What did the tsundere degree say to the radian?
a: "Notice me 10"

q: How many American presidents does it take to change a broken lightbulb?
a: None, broken lightbulbs have the rights to be treated as a normal lightbulb.

q: Why are hairdressers never late for work?
a: Because they know all the short cuts!

q: Wanna hear a joke about Reddit?
a: This thread has been locked by the moderators due to excessive off-topic posting. [M]

q: What does the KKK use to bake cookies?
a: White flour!

q: Where does Santa go for a sexy carwash?
a: One whore soap-and-sleigh!

q: Why did the ghost get in the elevator?
a: to raise his spirits

q: How does a penguin keep itself hydrated?
a: His waddle bottle.

q: What do you call Virgin Mobile?
a: A nun in a wheelchair

q: What kind of cheese would you use to disguise a small horse?
a: Mascarpone

q: Whats the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
a: I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before

q: What is the difference between a bachelorette party and Cirque du Soleil?
a: One is a group of cunning stunts. 

q: Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building?
a: Of course. The Empire State building can't jump.

q: What do you call four drowning spanish teachers?
a: Cuatro sinko. ;)

q: Whats you favorite Christmas joke?
a: I know this is an unorthodox post, but, I would love to hear your favorites!

q: What's the best thing about an Ethiopian blowjob?
a: You know she's going to swallow.

q: What's Paul Walker's favorite drink?
a: Fireball

q: Why is Chewbacca bad at sports?
a: He's just a wookie!

q: What do you call a developmentally challenged member of the ruling elite?
a: An autistocrat.

q: What did the spanish teacher say to his one student, who was a member of the cartel?
a: Where is my essay?

q: Why did Moohamad eat his wives out so much?
a: Allah spoke the kuran to him through the bush.

q: Why are Americans so "fat and ugly"?
a: Because they're richer and hotter than europeans at the moment.

q: Is Google a male or a female?
a: Female, because it doesn't let you finish a sentence before making a suggestion. 

q: What did the engineer say to the flood?
a: Dam!

q: Why do moslem girls love black guys?
a: more satisfaction at night for wearing a ninja suit all day.

q: How do two lawyers greet each other?
a: With a firm handshake.

q: If pro is the opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
a: Congress

q: Why will you never see a politician at your Concealed Weapons Permit class?
a: Because people who purchase weapons legally are law abiding citizens.

q: Why is it important for pious Moslem girls to wear the hi.jab?
a: So that the semen doesn't keep getting in their hair.

q: What's the difference between a quarter and a nickel?
a: The Hiroshima bombing didn't kill a nickel of a million civilians.

q: What do you call a dinosaur that practices Islam?
a: A Quranosaurus.

q: What do you call the woman on the end of a line?
a: Entities. (I AM SO SORRY, GAME PROGRAMMER JOKE)

q: What do you call a whore house with only men?
a: A bro-thel

q: Who was the dankest dictator of all time?
a: LMao Zedong

q: Why is it important for pious Muslim girls to wear the hijab?
a: So that the semen doesn't keep getting in their hair.

q: What happened to the pie dish that got arrested?
a: He was foiled.

q: How did ISIS do on their French exam?
a: They bombed it...

q: Why is Santa always jolly?
a: Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.

q: How can you tell that someone's a vegan?
a: Don't worry; they'll tell you themselves.

q: Whats the devil's favorite meal?
a: fillet of soul 

q: Why was Yoda afraid of 7?
a: Because 6, 7 8.

q: How do you help someone with ADD or ADHD?
a: Send them to a concentration camp!

q: What's the hardest part to eat when eating a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair.

q: Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
a: 'Cause they all have phones!

q: Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends?
a: because they can't protect their towers

q: What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?
a: You can tune a guitar but you can't tuna fish.

q: Why doesn't Santa have any children?
a: He only comes once a year and it's down a chimney.

q: You hear the one about the two guys who stole the calendar?
a: They each got 6 months 

q: What do you call a group of scientologist almonds?
a: Nuts.

q: How did the toad feel in the morning?
a: A little bit froggy 

q: What type of computer sings well?
a: Adell.

q: How did ISIS do on their French test?
a: They bombed it...

q: Did you know Thailand has a military?
a: It does a good job of separating the ladyboys from the ladymen.

q: What do you say to someone who just uttered a tired, old reddit catch-phrase?
a: "I see what you did there"

q: How did the bottle of whiskey laugh?
a: ...wryly.

q: Why do Storm Troopers like churchs?
a: Cuz of all the pews. I hate myself

q: Why can't you checkmate a christian?
a: Because they're all pawns and their king doesn't exist.

q: What happens to illegally parked frogs ?
a: They get toad away.

q: What did the terrorist send in the mail?
a: A CAIR package.

q: What do you call someone who has irrational and prejudiced views against motor races?
a: A feminist

q: Damn girl, are you an alarm clock?
a: Because you were a good idea last night, but now I just want you to shut the fuck up.

q: What do you call someone who speaks two languages?
a: Q: What do you call someone who speaks two languages?  A: Bilingual Q: What do you call someone who speaks three or more languages? A: Multilingual Q: What do you call someone who speaks one language? A: American

q: what do you call 6.02 X 10^23 atoms of avocado dipping sauce?
a: one guacamole

q: What holiday does a Jewish stoner celebrate in December?
a: Marijuanakkah

q: How many gay guys does it take to flip a car?
a: We'll find out when the cubs win the World Series

q: Do you whats amazing?
a: Spiderman

q: How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Trick question. Deadheads screw in sleeping bags.

q: What's long and hard, except for Asians?
a: Math class.   Credit to troller_awesomeness

q: What's the most capable element?
a: Tin, because tin can.

q: What religion is Santa?
a: He's egg-nog-stic

q: Why does coffee take so long to make in a purcolator?
a: Because it's not called a purconow.

q: Where does the brown sugar go to watch a movie?
a: The Cinemon.

q: What's black and blue all over and hates sex?
a: The five year old in my trunk.

q: How do they calculate global warming?
a: Al-gore-ythms

q: Do you know; what is the best thing to put on a delicious cake?
a: Your MOUTH! 

q: Mike Tyson asks you: How do you think the unthinkable?
a: With an Itheberg

q: Why do you never see black people on cruises?
a: They're not falling for that one again!!

q: what is a vegetable's favorite singer?
a: elvis parsley what is a fly's favorite singer? gnat king cole

q: What do Australian terrorists say before attacking?
a: Uluruakbar

q: Why do Russians always wear track suits?
a: Because they are always RUSSIAN to places. thanks

q: When is your door annoying?
a: When it'sa Jar-Jar.

q: What dries your clothes but can also make you writhe around in agony?
a: A tumblr.

q: What's the 6 things that's white on a black guy?
a: It's quite easy when you think about it.  It's the inside of the hands, inside of the feet, the eyes, the teeth, the nails, and  the owner. 

q: Honey, can we eat the nougat ?
a: "Is it really hard ?" "Yes, but can we eat the nougat first ?"

q: What does an elephant say when it kidnaps someone?
a: "Get in the trunk"

q: Did you hear about the Christmas Party in San Bernadino?
a: It was wild.  A Muslim couple showed up and put 14 presents six feet under the Christmas Tree.

q: What was the gay Swedish guys favorite thing to do?
a: Give Swedish handjobs. 

q: How are Cigarettes like Hamsters?
a: They're harmless until you put one in your mouth and light in on fire

q: Why did the terrorists have to blow up a Paris nightclub?
a: Because their planes kept missing the Eiffel Tower.

q: Why was the tomato red?
a: It saw the salad dressing.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler?
a: A mustache 

q: Why do jews have so big noses?
a: Because air is free. 

q: What did Santa say when he was in the strip club?
a: Ho, Ho, Ho

q: How long does it taken for a black woman to take a shit?
a: Nine months.

q: You guys want to hear a racist joke?
a: Donald Trump

q: What do you call a pack of sorority girls who aren't in law school?
a: Deez hoes ain't lawyers.

q: What's long and hard on a black guy?
a: First grade.

q: What do you get when you mix a rat and an elephant?
a: Who cares? It's a relephant.

q: Why does the Brotherhood of Steel from Fallout hate '80s music?
a: Because of the synths.

q: What was Pablo Escobar's favourite pool party game?
a: Narco Polo.

q: What instrument was Donald Trump named after?
a: The Lyre.

q: How do you deal with radical Islamists?
a: You square them.

q: How does Donald Trump plan to expel all Muslims from the county?
a: Legalize Uber. 

q: What did the rat say to the cat?
a: Nothing, cats don't talk you fucking idiot. 

q: How many people can ride on a bird?
a: Toucan.

q: What is Donald Trump thinking?
a: Who is going to build the wall if we deport all the Mexicans?

q: What's the difference between the Serengeti and the White House?
a: In the Serengeti there are African lions, but in the White House there's a lyin' African. 

q: What does the weather do when Hitler's around?
a: It heils.

q: Why should you never take a shower with a pokemon?
a: Because it may Pikachu.

q: Two kittens are on a sloped roof. Which one slides off first?
a: The one with the lowest mew.

q: What do you call a Redneck Blind Reindeer?
a: "Ain't got no I-Daer"

q: Did you hear about the guy who had ADD and schizophrenia?
a: He heard voices, but could never pay attention long enough to them to do anything crazy.

q: Why do you call the US government when a blizzard of secret information gets released?
a: They're snowed-en!

q: What is the national vegetable of Germany?
a: What is the national vegetable of Germany?

q: Why does the nazi love to bring his jewish friend to indian restaurants?
a: Because he loves to order some   for his jewish friend.

q: Why was Harry Potter hufflepuffed after his date with Hermione?
a: She wouldn't let his ravenclaw slytherin her Gryffindor. 

q: why was the 6 month old African baby crying?
a: It was having a mid life crisis

q: A Christmas joke for you: Where do snowmen go to dance?
a: The snowball! 

q: Why do women love Satan?
a: He's down to Earth. 

q: Who died and left the US in charge?
a: Hitler.

q: How is Santa like a paedophile?
a: They both leave children's bedrooms with empty sacks.

q: Why do Asians squint with their eyes?
a: Because bombs are bright.

q: What's the difference between a round piece of plastic and a babies head?
a: I don't use a round piece of plastic as a shift knob.

q: Why did the anorexic cow take great offense when the farmer wished him Merry Christmas?
a: ...because he was a moo-slim.

q: What do you call two fake number fours next to each other?
a: Fauxty faux

q: How do Jews celebrate Christmas?
a: They put parking meters on the roof 

q: Ever heard of the movie Constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: Did you know they were trying to ban MSG?
a: It was called law 13 due to the fact that it abolished savory....I will show myself out.

q: Why do so many Italian men wear mustaches?
a: So they can look like their mothers.

q: What kind of food can you color with?
a: A cranberry! ~ Esher (my Grandson) age 5

q: Dad: Did you get gas?
a: Me: Ya i got it on the way home from school Dad: Well if you got gas than you better go to the bathroom!

q: Have you heard about the dating site for radical jihadists?
a: It's called "Our Timer"

q: What's a good thing about a novelist conman?
a: He may have a lot of cons, but he also has a lot of prose.

q: What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
a: You're too young to smoke. Sorry, it's the first joke I ever learned, and I haven't ever seen it posted.

q: What's the difference between the IRS and Jared Fogle?
a: The IRS waits until you're 18 to fuck you.

q: What did the Muslim bring to the Holiday party?
a: Falafel and hummus.

q: What does a KKK member wear to a business meeting?
a: a white power-tie!

q: You know the difference between a chick pea and a garbonzo bean?
a: Nobody will pay to watch a garbonzo bean

q: What does it mean if holy water sizzles when it hits your skin?
a: (I'm just asking for a friend)

q: Why is Toblerone shaped like a triangle?
a: To fit in the box. 

q: Why did the bear dissolve in water?
a: It was a polar bear.

q: Why are so many Italian men named Tony?
a: When they ship them over from the Old Country, they stamp "To N.Y." on them...

q: What happens to your car insurance if you don't notify them that you've wrecked a car?
a: I don't know, but it's not wreck-amended.

q: What did one lesbian vampire say to her lover?
a: ...see you next month. 

q: What happens to the water level in the aquarium when one of the fish dies?
a: It rises because the rest of the fishes are crying :'(

q: What do you call a dead guy hanging on your wall?
a: Art. 

q: Why do some writers have a hard time graphing equations?
a: because they spend too much time with the x-position

q: YOU KNOW WHAT THE BEST PART OF BEING ADDICTED TO METH IS?!?
a: ONLY ONE MORE NIGHT TILL CHRISTMAS!

q: How often does Mary see her special friend?
a: Periodically.

q: Why should the Pope play NBA basketball?
a: Because every time he puts up a prayer it gets answered. (I thought of this myself, but it is so corny, it could easily be in every damn joke book.)

q: Why do they want to change the faces on dollars but not on coins?
a: Because the only constant is change. 

q: Why did the girls in *Requiem for a Dream* go ass to ass?
a: They were just trying to make ends meet.

q: What is the favorite Christmas Carol of the Aryan brotherhood?
a: I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.

q: What do you call a seagull who's smart enough not to eat its own poop?
a: Seagull Gawking. 

q: How do you call a black guy that uses testosterone boosters?
a: Testostyrone.

q: How do gingers make friends?
a: No seriously, im getting lonely.

q: What do you call a skinny, Islamic cow?
a: A moo-slim.

q: Who is Hitlers worst nightmare?
a: Kike Tyson. 

q: Is it true that you can get an STD from public toilets?
a: Only if you sit down before the last guy has gotten up.

q: How British is Adele ?
a: She would call you at least 1000 times to tell how sorry she is .

q: What do you call a fat guy, from New Orleans, that never tells the truth?
a: A jambo-laya. Thanks for coming out, I'll be here till Thursday.

q: What does a gay guy say when he can't remember?
a: I faggot

q: What is the hardest thing in driving through a field of babies?
a: Your penis.

q: How do you know when it is raining cats and dogs?
a: There are poodles everywhere!

q: What's a capitalist's favourite dessert?
a: PROFITeroles.     Bad, I know.

q: Did you hear about the transvestite?
a: He liked to eat, drink, and be Mary.

q: Why did the kids not want to eat their pbj sandwiches?
a: 'Cause it had lead in them

q: How does Tinkerbell pleasure herself?
a: She hides inside a flower and waits for a butterfly to extend its proboscis.

q: What was the #1 summer blockbuster, according to Cat Fancy magazine?
a: Mad Manx: Furry Road

q: Who was the most well rounded knight of Arthur's round table?
a: Sir Cumference 

q: You hear that Adele married a farmer?
a: Heigh-ho the derry-o

q: What does Team Rocket and a Peeping tom have in common?
a: They are both always trying to get a Pikachu. 

q: Damn girl, are you a calculator?
a: Because all I see is 80085

q: Why don't married men live as long as single men?
a: They don't want to!

q: What's the difference between a badminton birdie and 'Netflix & chill' on a microfiber couch?
a: One is a shuttlecock, the other's a cuddle shock

q: What Came Before The Big Bang?
a: Allahu Akbar.

q: What's the ultimate Jewish dilemma?
a: Free ham

q: What do poor countries already have but also receive?
a: AID...S

q: What do you call the entrance to a whorehouse?
a: HODOR, HODOR, HODOR!

q: Why do Muslims like Sex dolls?
a: They can blow them up

q: Hear about the white guy in the NBA?
a: Me neither.

q: What do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch?
a: Names.

q: How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously?
a: By feeding the poor to the hungry.

q: What do you call an Arabic photo-sharing porn app?
a: I-rack

q: What does a blonde and a tornado have in common?
a: They both start blowing but in the end they take everything from you.

q: Whats a hippies favourite weather?
a: Acid rain.

q: The reason Santa is so Jolly?
a: Is it because he knows where all the BAD girls live?

q: What do Spiderman and I have in common?
a: We both end up with sticky hands after using the web.

q: Why are Jewish men circumcised?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 10% off

q: How many Grateful Dead fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: They don't change it.  They just watch it burn out, then follow it around for another 15 years.

q: why do seals swim in salt water?
a: because pepper water makes them sneeze!

q: How did the farmer find his daughter?
a: He Tractor.

q: Why did the one-eyed pirate run his ship aground?
a: He didn't have any depth perception 

q: How does the Moon get its haircut?
a: Eclipse it! 

q: Why is it impossible to surprise a snowman?
a: He has ice in the back of his head. Get it  He has ice in the back of his head. Get it    

q: How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?

q: What did the monkeys say when they saw the Northern Lights?
a: Ooooooh, aaaaaah...

q: What will happen if people just stop trying altogether?
a: President Trump.

q: What did PSY say when he choked on a burger?
a: Whop, Whop Whop Whop Whop ... Whopper Gangnam Style.

q: What do you say to a black guy selling drugs?
a: What did you think it would be, you racist?

q: What does a drunk police officer do?
a: Protect and swerve.

q: What should you call someone with a different color of skin than your own?
a: A hue man.

q: How do you catch a whale?
a: You wait until last call and use a good pick up line. 

q: What do you call 4 lepers in a jacuzzi?
a: Stew

q: How did Jesus lose his virginity?
a: When he was nailed on the cross.

q: What's the difference between an Arab and an American wife?
a: The age

q: Why is it bad to be an African American Jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven

q: What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like?
a: What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like? Depends...

q: What do you call three brothers taking acid together?
a: Triplets

q: Do you know what's black and doesn't work?
a: Decaf Coffee.

q: What do you call a made-up orange?
a: Pulp Fiction!

q: want to hear a honest joke?
a: barack obama

q: Why do black people like to "whip" when dancing?
a: Because for one they aren't on the receiving end! Yes I know i am being racist, so dont point it out

q: What happens when you sing a country music song backwards?
a: You get your wife, truck, and land back.

q: What's more annoying on the internet, a troll or spam?
a: Your mom!

q: Mom I am 15 now, can I finally wear a bra?
a: No John.

q: Why Did The Chicken Cross The Road ???
a: bc it was a girl named sally and it pooped itself

q: Whats the difference between a pizza and a jew?
a: A pizza doesnt scream when it gets thrown in the oven

q: What do you do if a black man is harassing you?
a: Tell his owner.

q: What version of Counter-Strike do feminists get?
a: Counter-Feminist: Globally Offended

q: What did the Jewish pedophile say to the kid?
a: Would you like to buy some candy?

q: What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair?
a: Cancer

q: What did Hitler ask the Jewish boy who was playing with an ashtray?
a: Who are you looking for?

q: What's big and round and full of seamen?
a: Your mom

q: Did you hear the one about the perfume store?
a: I heard their manufacturing was in an ol' factory.

q: Why does the prosecutor only choose jurors who drive Hummers?
a: So that there's no chance of a hung jury

q: What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of heat and excitement?
a: "Firetruck"

q: What do u call a Mexican with a rubber toe?
a: Roberto

q: What's the difference between a black person and a bench?
a: One can support a family

q: Why are sewer covers called manholes?
a: If they were called womanholes, guys would keep trying to get in. 

q: Have you heard of Eats Unwanted Leftovers Man?
a: He's the hero this city feeds

q: Whats so good about an Ethiopian blow job?
a: You know that she will definitely swallow

q: What did Santa said when he ran into the 3 prostitutes?
a: Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!

q: What do Gingers and Extinct Dinosaurs have in common?
a: Not enough"

q: What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew?
a: Only one makes it back from camp. 

q: What happens when you are banned on a muslim server?
a: you are turbanned

q: What's the difference between a fly and a bird?
a: A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.

q: Why don't people name their kids 'Napoleon'?
a: It's too complex

q: Why does Hollywood loveee to hire British Actors?
a: Cheap labor. 

q: Why did D.R.E. call his headphones Beats?
a: He named them after his favorite father-son activity.

q: What is the most prudent thing to do when someone is having an epileptic seizure in a hot tub?
a: Throw in your laundry.

q: What do music producers eat for breakfast?
a: Fruity Loops

q: What are a mathematician's five favourite numbers?
a: 0, 1, e, pi.

q: What do you call a hippopotamus that's a gigalo?
a: A hit-the-spotimus. 

q: What did the U.S airdrop the the children of Syria?
a: Dead parents

q: How does a black woman fight crime?
a: By having an abortion

q: What did the losing army call the Greeks?
a: A pain in the ass

q: What did the tuba say to the clarinet?
a: Nothing, instruments don't talk.

q: What's the hardest part about a fat nun's job?
a: Getting into the habit

q: What's Malcolm X's favorite Mountain Dew flavour?
a: White-out.

q: What the difference between an IS training camp and a primary school?
a: There aren't many paedos in the camp.

q: Why don't blind people bungee jump?
a: Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs

q: Who was Japan's favorite racist comedian?
a: Charlie JAPlin.  hahahaahhaha  stop racism.

q: How can you tell if an American has a conceal carry permit?
a: They'll tell you.

q: Where do Jedi go to get inked?
a: Tattooine.

q: What is round and hates French people?
a: The World.

q: Which number confuses people?
a: 82

q: What color was George Washington's white horse?
a: Haha morons

q: Did you know Stalin got hit in the groin with a potato when he was young?
a: That's how he became a dictator.

q: What is white and lies in the grass?
a: A shleep.

q: Why do the Japs like Sony?
a: Because they made the Playstasian

q: Why do Jews never deck the halls on christmas?
a: Because of the holly cost. 

q: What is my dentist's favorite indie band?
a: Fluoride and the Machine

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies ?
a: Disney Movies still touch kids

q: Why'd the band teacher go to jai?
a: Because he fingered A-minor

q: Where's Finnick?
a: Odair he is!  Obligatory: My brother told this to me while watching Mockingjay P2. 

q: What did the pre-school math teacher have to say about her students?
a: Every single one counts.

q: How do you blow up a Muslim's phone?
a: Put it into airplane mode

q: What did the snowman say when he got coal for Christmas?
a: "I can see!"

q: What do you call a Muslim husband who beats his wife?
a: Abusif

q: What's the difference between roast beef and pea green soup?
a: Anyone can roast beef. 

q: What do you call 5 black guys on a stage?
a: An auction

q: Why does NASA drink sprite?
a: Because they couldn't get 7up

q: Have you heard about the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
a: Every time someone goes to the toilet take 4 shots

q: What do you call an alcoholic with Parkinson's?
a: Shakespeare (say it out loud)

q: What do redditors and litterers have in common?
a: "I'm just gonna leave this here."

q: What is the most dangerous thing in america ?
a: Ans: Nigger with a library card

q: What's the difference between a Christmas star and a bad pickling job?
a: One brightly shines...

q: You hear about the new radio talk/comedy show in the Middle East ... ? Isis in the Morning ?
a: You should catch it sometime - it's a real blast !

q: What kind of overalls does Mario wear?
a: Denim, denim, denim. 

q: What do you call cold chili?
a: Chilly chili

q: What's a orphans favorite ice cream flavor?
a: Banana Foster

q: What did the son get his father for christmas?
a: Nothing because his son is a fucking drug addict loser that would rather sit in a dark room all day and night smoking meth and watching internet porn, I have no idea how the fucking government gives pieces of shit like this a place to live. What a fucking cunt faggot loser who can't even call his father on his birthday that druggie cock sucking fuck waste of sperm

q: Where do singing seahorses live?
a: In a choral coral corral

q: What is another word for a rap battle?
a: Black-on-black rhyme

q: Why was the doctor in a hurry to move to the big city?
a: He was running out of patients. 

q: why was 6 afraid of 777?
a: because it's like a really large number and stuff

q: How do you make your girlfriend cry while having sex?
a: Phone her

q: Why is acne better than a catholic priest?
a: At least acne waits till a kid is 14 to come on his face.

q: Why do gays want to join the military so badly?
a: So they can steal their parading skillz

q: What did Jesus said to his girlfriend in the morning?
a: ''Damn, you really nailed me last night''

q: Why do scuba divers fall into the water backwards off the boat?
a: Because if they went forward they'd be in the boat

q: Why is 7 afraid of 6?
a: Because of all the weird shit he's seen him do with 9.

q: Who is the most popular guy in the nudist colony?
a: The one that can carry two cups of coffee and a dozen doughnuts at the same time.  The most popular woman?  The one that can eat the 12th doughnut.

q: What does a chameleon that can't change color suffer from?
a: Reptile disfunction

q: When can you tell your waitress is having a bad day?
a: When she has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.

q: What did the hippie say when asked to leave the party?
a: Namaste.

q: Why don't dirty commies shower?
a: Because they don't want to wash away their Marx.

q: Why does your Penis bend?
a: It follows a pair'o'bollock trajectory.

q: What's a Grecian Urn?
a: About 2 bucks an hour depending on what the current minimum wage is.

q: Did you know that Diarrhea can kill you?
a: Even if you only drink a little bit.

q: Where can you find lubricant in the library?
a: In the non-friction section.

q: Why are sprinklers so racist?
a: Because they go niggerniggerniggerniggernigger chinkchinkchinkchink

q: Why did the midget with the helium-filled head pass out?
a: He was a little light headed.

q: Which video game do Mexicans play the most?
a: Borderlands

q: What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: What did the blind, deaf, mute quadriplegic boy get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: What did the black guy see when he went down the roller coaster?
a: His upper lip.

q: What do you call it when a dinosaur can't get it up?
a: ereptile dysfunction

q: What is red and smells like blue Froot Loops?
a: The murder-suicide scene at Toucan Sam's Miami penthouse.

q: What do you do with spoiled fish food?
a: Load it in the chum dumpster.

q: What do a Feminist and a Broken ATM have in Common?
a: They both can't make any change

q: What do you call a snobby criminal walking down the stairs?
a: A condescending con desending..

q: What is a Latino gang member's favorite type of exam?
a: Essay

q: Why can't midgets run?
a: The grass tickles their balls.

q: (Kinda offensive joke) How do you get a black man to stop raping you?
a: Call him daddy in the middle of it

q: What do you say to a lady that has to make 100 shirts by tomorrow?
a: you seamstressed

q: What's the difference between a race car and a woman?
a: One costs a lot of money to maintain, keep running, and give you the results you want. The other has four wheels.

q: What do you call a girl with a unibrow?
a: Cuban

q: How many cops do you need to change a light bulb?
a: None. They just shoot the room for being black. Credit: donator on some stream said the joke and just wanted to share it. 

q: How do you get "Dick" from Richard?
a: You ask him politely.

q: Why can't Cinderella play soccer?
a: Because she keeps running away from the ball

q: How Do Mexicans Play Basketball?
a: Juan on Juan. 

q: Why did Gandalf never listen to the song "Dream Police"?
a: Because he was no conjurer of Cheap Trick

q: Why did the Chinese Government cross the road?
a: [THE PUNCHLINE OF THIS JOKE HAS BEEN CENSORED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA, PLEASE REMAIN CALM WHILE WE WILL DEAL WITH THE OP IN A CIVIL MANNER]. 

q: What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection?
a: A quarter pounder with cheese.

q: Why did the muslim with a toothache go to the airport?
a: For a free cavity search.

q: How do you kill 10 flies with one hit?
a: You punch african kid in the face.

q: How do you walk out of a Casino with $1 Million?
a: Walk in with $2 Million. 

q: Have you heard that duct tape can be used as an aphrodisiac?
a: It turns "NO! NO! NO!" into "MMM! MMM! MMM!"

q: Did you hear about the guy who thought he saw a fog?
a: Apparently he was mistaken 

q: Dad, what do you call the guy who made every gay as lovely as the next?
a: Homo-Genius

q: Why do midgets make bad parents?
a: Cause they struggle to put food on the table

q: How does the Navy separate the men from the boys?
a: With a crowbar

q: Why do feminists hate Apple?
a: Because they're not PC.

q: How does a lawyer sleep?
a: First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other.  Credit: Nicholas Sparks from his book 'See Me' which I am reading now. 

q: What happens when a university math professor and a high school math teacher get it on?
a: Calculust

q: Did you hear about the fight in the bathroom?
a: Shit went down 

q: what do you call cheese you use to lure a bear out of the woods?
a: camembert :)

q: How do you get a clown off a swing?
a: hit him in the face with an Axe

q: Why did they spray rose water cologne on Scott Weiland at the funeral home?
a: So he smelled great while dead & bloated.

q: Who is fastest girl in the world?
a: Answer: Airtel 4G girl.

q: What's an example of suspicious behaviour?
a: A nun doing squats in a cucumber field

q: What does school and the male reproductive organ have in common?
a: Most of the time it's hard and long - unless you're Asian.

q: How do police know that princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her head and shoulders under the steering wheel.

q: What grocery store does Charlie Sheen frequently visit?
a: Rite Aid

q: What is the difference between Christmas music and Kobe Bryant?
a: Christmas music will still be playing next year. 

q: What do choosy moms choose?
a: abortion. 

q: What's the best way to become a Russian leader?
a: Stop Stalin! Just Putin the effort and start Lenin it happen!

q: What disease do police give black people?
a: Glock coma

q: What do you do when you are riding a horse, and a cheetah and ostrich are chasing you?
a: You get your drunk ass off the carousel!

q: What do you call a cute girl in an Amish church?
a: A visitor.

q: Why couldn't the BMW fit into a narrow parking stall at Target?
a: because it was being driven by a woman

q: Guess what?
a: Chicken Butt

q: Want to know why?
a: Or do you want to know z?

q: How does Santa make new baby reindeer?
a: In vitro, in Prancer, in Dancer, in Vixen.

q: What do you call a chick who studies astronomy and has a big booty?
a: Hubble butt.

q: How do you call sons of australians and germans?
a: Men at Work

q: Want to hear an awesome lyrebird impression?
a: You just did.

q: Why do social justice warriors hate math?
a: all the inequalities

q: Where do children that die home alone go?
a: HEAVEN!!

q: What's the worst gift to give to a Jewish person on Christmas?
a: Literally anything.

q: Why did the walrus go to the tupperware factory?
a: To get a tight seal.

q: Why was the tree stretching?
a: So it could be timber!

q: What do you call introverted hobbits?
a: Shyer folk

q: What famous person is a huge fan of trees?
a: "Tim ber"ton

q: How does a woman fix a ceiling problem?
a: She complains to a man.

q: What happens when a tree masturbates?
a: It nuts

q: What do you call an Ent prince who betrays his dad?
a: Treason

q: Boy: Are you made of Copper and Tellurium?
a: Boy: because you're CuTe Girl: Are you made of holmium and molybdenum?

q: What do you call a unicorn that's had its horn removed?
a: A eunuchorn.

q: Heard about that Judge from America who has no thumbs?
a: Honestly, Justice Fingers.

q: What body of water separates Italy from the word 'goodbye'?
a: River Derci. Sorry.

q: What did Grandma say to the frog?
a: Something racist, probably.

q: How does a female deer get revenge on her cheating husband?
a: She goes into town and blows a few bucks!

q: Where do one-legged waitresses work?
a: IHOP.  Tipping your waitress takes on a whole new meaning.

q: What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?
a: GLOVES! Just kidding, he hasn't opened the box yet

q: What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife?
a: Ultra sound

q: What does a Syrian refugee and an American abortion have in common?
a: White people didn't allow them to come into the U.S. 

q: What has walls, but no corners, and an opening, but is not a room?
a: A vagina. Lol, top kek.

q: What comes out of a reasonable volcano?
a: Pragma.

q: Whats it called when you give a dolphin food for it to do a trick?
a: Squid Pro Quo

q: What 6 inches goes to your mouth?
a: Toothbrush...you dirty bastard

q: Why are Wendy's burgers so good?
a: Because they don't cut corners.

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Peace Prize?
a: He was out standing in his field.

q: Do you ever feel like a tampon?
a: In a good place, but at the wrong time.

q: What did the upset horse use to row his boat?
a: A saddle.

q: What does an ear of corn hang on his fireplace during Christmas?
a: A stalk-ing! (A stocking!)

q: What do you call a bird born in the 90s?
a: A millennial falcon. 

q: Where is the lift?
a: American: You mean the elevator?  English: Yes, we call it a lift.  American: It's called an elevator. We invented it.  English: And we invented the language.  

q: What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of milk?
a: 1%

q: What is the only man made object visible from space?
a: Holland.

q: What is Swiper the Fox's favorite app?
a: Tinder

q: What do you call inexplicably missing aioli?
a: Awoli.

q: [Rhymer] What do you call the female bear version of a centaur?
a: Mare bear. What should you do if you see one?

q: What is a female genitals favorite slide to slide down at the playground?
a: The fallopian tube! 

q: What does the Native American say to the male prostitute?
a: Do I have permission Tecumseh?

q: What's the mass of a large chunk of tree?
a: 10g

q: What do you tell a cow blocking a road?
a: Mooove

q: What do you call a cow that just had a baby?
a: Decalfinated

q: What are the sexiest animals in the barn?
a: Brown chicken, brown cow.

q: What do math majors get when they graduate?
a: A radian.   Math majors don't use degrees.

q: How many animals can fit into a pair of pantyhose?
a: Ten pigs, two calves, one beaver, and an ass.

q: Why was the neighbor mad at the Mars rover speeding around her neighborhood?
a: Because Curiosity killed her cat

q: What do women's breasts and toy trains have in common?
a: A: They're both intended for children... But, it's usually the father that play with them the most!

q: Is your ass the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
a: Cause your booty is disarming

q: What do you call the German word for Vaseline?
a: Derweinerslider

q: What do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor?
a: Feminists.

q: Why don't cows play poker?
a: Because it's a high steaks game 

q: What do you call a german that does the exact opposite of what he says to do?
a: A hypokrout.

q: What do you call Jewish coffee?
a: Hebrew

q: What did Abe Lincoln say to the judge when he asked how he pleas?
a: I'm in a cent.

q: What is the difference between a Garbanzo bean and a Chickpea?
a: I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: What do you call a hobo with an afro?
a: A frobo.

q: Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells?
a: She grew out of her b-shells 

q: How do you know the Alphabet is celebrating Christmas?
a: When there is no "L"

q: How many questions did the politician answer?
a: 9/11

q: Why would Adele cross the road?
a: To say hello from the other side. 

q: What did the apathetic philosopher doctor say?
a: Who cures?

q: Why does Yasuo never get locked out?
a: Because he always "hasaki!"

q: Did you hear about the man who broke both his left leg and arm?
a: Yeah, he is all right now.

q: Why did you leave me here all alone?
a: Where o where are you tonight?  Why did you leave me here all alone? I searched the world over and thought I found some one You met a zombie and pblblthpth you were gone. 

q: Why was the monkey attracted to the paint?
a: Cuz it was yellow and appealing!  Sorry if this is bad. Seen too many of the same jokes here and I wanted to add an original joke. 

q: Father asks 11 year old daughter what she learned in shcool?
a: She says, " They showed us how to make sex with our hands. ". When he scrapes his brain off the ceiling and calms down enough not to call the teacher he asks her calmly to show him.  Turns out they had a deaf person visit who spent about an hour or so to teach them a little ASL. That was one of the words they learned to spell. 

q: What do necrophiliacs get when they wake up on the day of a funeral?
a: Mourning Wood

q: Why did Johnny cross the road?
a: Because his dick was stuck in a chicken.

q: What's accounting?
a: Something Italians learn in preschool.

q: Whats the difference between congress and a US mint?
a: One of them makes sense!

q: Anybody ever get paid to smuggle drugs in their butt?
a: ... Cause it sounds like a dope ass job.

q: Why did Hitler called it ethnic cleansing?
a: He showered them.

q: How do you put a baby to sleep?
a: You rock them.  What if it doesn't work? Use a bigger rock. 

q: What are the differences among a piano, a tuna, and super glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna

q: What is a pirate's favorite fast food joint?
a: Aaaaarby

q: What happens if you pee on Putin's head?
a: Urine big trouble...

q: Do you NOT like Undertale?
a: Then you must be UNDER the crowd!

q: Whats Big, Black, Hard and full of semen?
a: A submarine

q: Why does salt come in a bottle?
a: Because it's white I don't know why it's funny. I just heard it so can someone explain it to me?

q: What's crunchy on the outside and airy in the inside?
a: A lightbulb.

q: What the the planet Jupiter say to Neptune?
a: I can see Uranus from here.

q: Why do SJWs hate Apple computers?
a: Because they're not PC

q: "HUGE for an Asian" slogan stupid or funny?
a: Yesterday a friend posted a thread on Slickdeals about shirts I made   since there was a promo for $5 off everything (DRAFTFIVE).  He received LOTS of flak about it being racist/stupid/retarded, was thumbed-down by about 10 people, and the thread was deleted within 5 minutes. I personally find it funny, but I am indeed Asian. Thoughts?

q: Why do i call my dick "chess"?
a: because it's hard as fuck for 6 year olds 

q: What do you call a well-behaved Indian takeaway?
a: A proppadom

q: What did the grape say when the elephant sat on it?
a: Nothing! It just let out a little wine.

q: What is that thing called when your crush likes you back?
a: Imagination.

q: What time did the man go to the dentist?
a: Tooth hurt-y.

q: Why don't they have driving classes and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
a: Because the camels get tired. 

q: Whats the worst the thing about having to attend a funeral?
a: The guest of honor always shows up late! 

q: What's the worst thing at a bad joke party?
a: The punch lines.

q: What would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at?
a: Unseaworthy

q: What did the little boy with no hands get for Christmas?
a: Gloves. Just kidding, he hasn't opened them yet.

q: Do you know what they say about girls with big phones?
a: Big clits!

q: An ice cream truck flips over on the highway, what does it leave?
a: A Rocky Road

q: Why did the German get their tailor and their barber mixed up?
a: They call their tailor Herr Dresser

q: Why did the black man walk backwards?
a: I have no idea, Your Honor, but he was coming right at me and I felt my life was at risk. 

q: What do you call a Russian Duke who makes butter the old fashioned way?
a: A churn-noble!

q: What do Cher and Tasmania have in common?
a: They haven't been fucking sunny in a long time...

q: What did Davey Crocket say at the Alamo?
a: "Where'd all the roofers come from?"

q: What would you call Vanilla Ice if he was asian?
a: Yellow Snow.

q: What does your girlfriend and my garage have in common?
a: I pull out of both of them.

q: Why did the developers have to delay their pirate game?
a: They needed to give their characters an eye-patch.

q: Why can Chinese bands rehearse so much?
a: They're never short of Sichuan musicians.

q: What's a pornstars favorite soda?
a: Mountain Dew

q: What did the German clock maker say to the broken clock?
a: Ve haff vays of making you tock!

q: Why did the pope have so many children?
a: Because his condom was a little holy...

q: What's the difference between a Porsche and a trash bag full of dead babies?
a: I don't have a Porsche in my garage.

q: Going out with Ariana Grande , makes you?
a: Legal paedophile. 

q: What do you call it when you make fun of somebody else's gambling addiction?
a: Slot shaming. 

q: What did Hitler get for Christmas?
a: An easy-bake oven.

q: Have you heard of the John Denver omelet?
a: It's just like a regular Denver omelet, but it's served upside down in seawater.

q: Why did the post office get sued?
a: For Mail-Practice!!

q: What do you call a New Zealander with a sheep under each arm?
a: A pimp.

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow that got an award?
a: It was for being outstanding in his field. 

q: What do rednecks do on Halloween?
a: Pump kin

q: Why did the Muslim fail his Chemistry Exam ?
a: because to him, alcohol is not a solution.

q: Why does Santa have a huge sack?
a: Because he only comes once a year. 

q: Why shouldn't you date a tennis player?
a: Because love means nothing to them.

q: What's Mr. T's favorite band?
a: the Foo Fighters

q: What do you call a Jewish rapper?
a: A rappi.

q: What do you call a ginger who can't spell?
a: Fucking angary!

q: What's the difference between a group of pigmies and a lesbian track team?
a: One of them is a bunch of cunning runts

q: What happened to the concussed gravedigger?
a: He lost the plot.

q: Why is Ironman a superhero?
a: and Ironwoman a command?

q: Where are average things built?
a: In a satisfactory

q: What's the difference between being horny and being hungry?
a: Where you put the cucumber

q: Where's your bin?
a: A man sees that his neigjhbnour doesn't have his wheeled trash bin. "Hey bub, where's ya bin`" "I took a little vacation for a few weeks," "No. I meant where's your bin?" "Told ya, vacation, at the beach!" "No man. Where's ya wheely bin?" "Ok, fine! I've wheely been to jail! Happy now?"

q: What's the difference between a baby and a freezer?
a: a freezer doesn't scream when you put your meat in it

q: What is Buddhism measured in?
a: Oooohms

q: What is the difference between a baker baking a cake and a gynecologist giving an exam?
a: A few degrees. 

q: Have you ever met a vegan that does crossfit?
a: Oh you'd know if you had.

q: What did the sorority girl say when she couldn't eat another bite of pie?
a: I literally pecan't right now.

q: Are you the 7th planet from the sun?
a: Cause I sure would like to probe Uranus.

q: Wanna watch Netflix in H?
a: I'll give you the D later.

q: Anyone hungry?
a: I read there's some leftover cat.

q: Why are gym memberships illegal?
a: Because of the Free Exercise Clause.

q: What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?
a: My Zipper

q: How much horsepower does a mustang have?
a: 1

q: Why are girls so hot?
a: because they lay out in the sun so much lol :P

q: Where do kids with ADHD go?
a: To concentration camps.

q: What did the Turkish guy say to his babe when she invited him to eat?
a: Ke-bab

q: What did the kid with cancer get for Christmas?
a: Nothing, he didn't make it that far.

q: What was the first thing the stowaway to Mars said after he landed?
a: Just out of Curiosity...

q: What's the difference between a bad golfer, and a bad skydiver?
a: The golfer goes "  Damn!" The skydiver goes "Damn!  "

q: What's the difference between and elephant and a mail box?
a: I don't know. I hope you're not allowed to take the mail out to the mail box.

q: Why do Communists only drink coffee?
a: Because proper tea is theft.

q: Why did the comedian go to the dog pound?
a: To work on his put-downs.

q: Why didn't Beethoven sell his house?
a: He put it up Fur Elise!

q: How can you tell if your wife is dead?
a: The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up.

q: Why does DMX hate sweatshirts?
a: he dunno where the hood at

q: How do you call it, when the internet is not working in Germany?
a: "InterNEIN"

q: Why won't the Alzheimer's patient pay attention to you?
a: Because he doesn't know the time of day.

q: What's Canada's spy agency?
a: The CI, eh?

q: Why would people always stand still to hide from Martin Luther King Jr.?
a: His vision was based on movements.

q: What's a bulimiac's favourite porno?
a: Deep throat

q: Why did the dolphin run away from home to start a new life?
a: He felt he had lost his sense of porpoise.

q: How come Star Trek fans never grow out of it?
a: They always just Klingon to it

q: Did you hear the one about the woman who couldn't handle a 9 inch dick?
a: She had a metric pussy.

q: What happens to all Vertibird pilots?
a: They Fallout

q: What's Captain Hook's favourite kind of shop?
a: The second hand shop.

q: What do Indian flowers grow?
a: Patels (this may or may not have been inspired by a dumb facebook post I saw)

q: What do free masons do when they want to make a frame-by-frame remake of "Back to the Future"?
a: They Hire 'Em A Biff!

q: Why is Islam a religion of peace?
a: Well.. because Obama said so.

q: What's the difference between you and a brick?
a: Bricks can get laid.

q: What should you do when you see a spaceman?
a: Park your car, man.

q: How Swift is Kanye?
a: About as West as Taylor

q: What is a geometry teachers favorite movie?
a: Angles in the Outfield

q: What did the artist say to himself before drawing his first penis?
a: "I'm gonna have to think long and hard about this one."

q: What did the cow say to the hay?
a: I chews you

q: What is an architects favorite movie?
a: Angles in the Outfield

q: Whats the funniest joke you know?
a: You.

q: Why is there echo every time Bono sings?
a: Because he's close to The Edge

q: What is the difference between Stephen Hawking and his E-Wheelchair?
a: If you repair both, the E-Wheelchair is the only thing running again

q: Why are Cal Tech and MIT constantly Fighting?
a: Because MIT blames Cal Tech for stealing their Feynman, and there will never be another man as Fine.  

q: What is called when a woman gets a sex change?
a: Addadictomy.

q: What's small but effective?
a: A smile

q: What's the difference between PHP and PCP?
a: One makes you: The other is a synthetic drug.

q: Why was Tigger always filthy?
a: Because he was playing with Pooh.  

q: What do you call it when you go down on a paraplegic?
a: Meals on wheels

q: What's worse that burning the turkey on thanksgiving?
a: Being a starving African Child. 

q: Did you know gullible came from ancient Greek?
a: The prefix 'gulli' meaning 'believing' and the suffix 'ble' meaning 'ble-shit'.

q: How do you get over trophobia?
a: Look at the hole photo for 30 seconds straight

q: Why don't people in their 80's have sex anymore?
a: You ever try to open a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: What do you call a man who makes fart scented candles?
a: Incense-itive

q: Why did Sweden change their immigration politics?
a: Because their Zoos ran out of room.

q: Where do you find a dog that has no legs?
a: Where you left it.

q: What did the Japanese woman do when the Titanic sank?
a: She raughed (raft).

q: What do Taylor Swift and Charlie Sheen have in common?
a: Bad blood. 

q: What do you call a religiously-praised feces?
a: Holy shit!

q: What do you call a family in which everyone from grand parents to grand kids smoke weed?
a: Joint Family.

q: Why do pirates wake up early on Saturday?
a: To watch Dablooney Toons!

q: What did baby corn say to mama corn?
a: Where's popcorn?

q: What do chicken, beef and Russia have in common?
a: They are all against Turkey

q: What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween?
a: Pump-Kin

q: What does a bee style his hair with?
a: A honey comb!

q: What would you call Scott Adsit if he was a skirt?
a: Scott Ad

q: How do Mexicans cut their Pizza?
a: With Little Caesars.

q: What do you call a slutty midget?
a: A tator thot.

q: A Jew walks into a wall with an erection. Gets a broken nose. What does an Asian get?
a: A broken nose.

q: Have you ever woken up because of a boner?
a: Alarm cock.

q: Have you heard of the, great, ancient Greek philosopher Mediocrates?
a: His primary philosophical viewpoint is "eeeeehhh"

q: Where did Hitler send his Oranges?
a: The concentration camps.

q: What do the Kardashians and penises have in common?
a: They are both stuck up cunts

q: Why are Twilight fans obsessed with it?
a: Because they need a fandom that won't make them feel like trash.

q: Why do you call someone who doesn't like the ideas in Islam?
a: A Racist!

q: Have you tasted Somalian food?
a: Neither have they.

q: What do you call a turtle without a shell?
a: Dead.

q: Hey Dad, do the Indian people celebrate Thanksgiving?
a: They did.  Once.

q: What do you call a gassy greek?
a: A Fartin' Spartan

q: Do I speak German?
a: Nein

q: Why is it impossible to argue with Trump?
a: Because the Earth's rotation automatically makes a circle jerk out of him

q: What do you call a Muslim Girl dating an Agnostic Guy?
a: For safety purposes, I don't know if I should tell you her name..

q: What is Hillary Clintons least favourite instrumeny?
a: The trump-et.

q: What's the art of having multiple personalities?
a: Acting

q: What does a pirate call his idiot son?
a: A retarrrrrd

q: So Donald Trump wants to be president and move into the white house. Why not?
a: It wouldn't be the first time he pushed a black family out of their home.  

q: How do you say goodbye to an Indonesian?
a: with a big wave

q: Why can't pirates learn the alphabet?
a: Because Somalia doesn't have an education system

q: What's the difference between a sperm bank and an regular bank?
a: When you start to make deposits at the sperm bank, you loose interest 

q: What's not 50% off today?
a: Health insurance

q: Why is there so much segregation today?
a: All Fridays Matter

q: How do you become president of Russia?
a: You gotta Put-in the hours 

q: What do you call a Russian farmer who's masturbating?
a: Biev Strokinoff

q: Why doesn't Mr.Sodium like to spend time with Mr.H20?
a: Because they always get in to heated arguments.

q: What is the difference between a painting and jesus?
a: A painting only need one nail to hang

q: What do American beer and a canoe have in common?
a: Both are fucking close to water.

q: Think you can save humanity?
a: Well, Jesus nailed it.

q: Don't you hate how long girls take to dress before goin' clubbin?
a: my girlfriend took like an hour to pick out which hijab she wanted to wear... 

q: How can you tell between a graphic designer and recruiter?
a: Ask them to pronounce "hires"

q: What has 5 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet?
a: The finish line at the Boston Marathon.

q: What rock group has 4 members that don't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore

q: What do you wear to dance the salsa?
a: Hot pants.

q: What do you call a rock band with a perfectionist in it?
a: OCDC

q: What do you call a black guy who sells flowers?
a: A florist.

q: What do you call a black lesbian in the workplace?
a: A lawsuit in a pantsuit. 

q: What do you call children born into a whorehouse?
a: Your kids 

q: Why do some fish live in saltwater?
a: Because pepper makes them sneeze.

q: Why did grass do 8/10?
a: Because bush did 9/11.

q: What do you call a residential area for horse lovers?
a: A neighbourhood.

q: What do you call someone who commits piracy?
a: Neckbeard the pirate

q: Did you hear about the guy who was on trial for masturbating to obscure court cases?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: Why couldn't the pirate have gravy with his thanksgiving dinner?
a: Because someone stole his boat.

q: How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Well it depends on what you mean by change.

q: What do you calla brown guy that asks a lot of question?
a: A curry-ous guy

q: What do you call children who are born into a Whorehouse?
a: Brothel Sprouts.

q: Did you hear about that new species of mosquito?
a: It's called the Nickelback, it really sucks.

q: What will Russians be cooking for Thanksgiving...?
a: Turkey

q: What did the flatulent man say to the preacher during confession?
a: Forgive me Father, for i have wind.

q: What never eats at thanks giving?
a: A turkey. Because it's always stuffed.

q: What is the number 1 activity to do in Syria on Trip Advisor?
a: Leave.

q: which hollywood character does the numbers six and nine hate most?
a: james bond

q: What were Nazi turkeys forced to do each Thanksgiving?
a: Goebel Goebbels.

q: What did the circus owner say to the human-cannonball when the he wanted to retire?
a: How will I ever find another performer of your caliber? (Source: a dad on thanksgiving)

q: What do Asian pirates do?
a: They fry pranes

q: What's the easiest way to get the chewing gum out of your hair?
a: Cancer

q: What is the most recycled joke that keeps getting used?
a: Your mom.

q: What do Aaron Hernandez and Jared Fogle now have in common?
a: Matching uniforms.

q: What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist?
a: A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush. (Credit to my uncle)

q: Why did moses break his glasses in half?
a: He wanted to part his sees.

q: What does the Jolly Green Giant have on his feet?
a: Pota-TOES!

q: What Does A Nazi Turkey Say?
a: Goebbels, Goebbels, Goebbels 

q: What are you doing when you Sentence almost a Dozen Surfers to death by the Gallows?
a: You're Hanging Ten, Dudes!

q: Have you had an accident that wasn't your fault?
a: Of course you have, because that's the definition of an accident.

q: What's the only thing better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded

q: Who was Noah's wife?
a: Joan of Ark

q: What's annoying about going 90 in a school zone?
a: The screaming speed bumps

q: What will Putin be having for Thanksgiving dinner?
a: Turkey.

q: What's the difference between parsley and pubic hair?
a: Nothing. You push them both aside and keep on eating.

q: Doctor, doctor, is it alright to masturbate?
a: asked the concerned man.  Everything in moderation, replied the doctor.   Is four times a day alright?   Well, thats quite a lot, why dont you get married, thats a much better idea.   I am married.    And is everything fine in bed?   Its great.   Then why do you need to masturbate so much?    Shes such a spoil-sport. She doesnt like to do it during mealtimes.  

q: Where does steel wool come from?
a: Hydraulic rams.

q: What do you call a turkey with no arms?
a: a turkey 

q: What do heavily-armored army vehicles celebrate for the holidays?
a: tanksgiving

q: What do you call an Asian prostitute?
a: Chinese-y

q: Why did the movie scene have a rusty pan?
a: Because Rusty thought the scene in the book was better. I'll show myself out. This is a horrible joke.

q: What's the difference between linearly independent vectors and the World Trade Centre?
a: You can't put a plane through linearly independent vectors

q: What noise does a Nintendo ambulance make?
a: Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u

q: What do zombies use to prepare their turkeys for cooking on the smoker?
a: Briiiiines...

q: What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles?
a: UCLA

q: Which side of the turkey has the most feathers?
a: The outside!

q: What is a lesbians favorite day of the week?
a: Tuesday

q: Why was the ghost sad?
a: A lot of different reasons.

q: 2 midgets and a black guy walk into a room, how many people are in that room?
a: 1 and 3/5ths 

q: What is a Jedi's favorite car company?
a: Toyoda

q: What do you call a gullible Indian?
a: A Naive American. Literally just came up with this.

q: Why are magicians always sad?
a: Because everything they have disappears

q: Why did Marlin and Dory never date?
a: Dory was played by Ellen Degeneres. 

q: How do you make a dog go meow?
a: Freeze it and run it through a bandsaw. MEEEOWW!!

q: What do you call an empty bud light can on the side of the road?
a: A native American artifact. What do you call a HALF-EMPTY bud light can on the side of the road?  An extremely rare native American artifact.

q: How do you call black guy that missed his train?
a: Nigga, you racist!

q: What did the male eskimo say to the female eskimo right before having sex?
a: I'm gunna fuck you Inuit pussy.

q: What will Putin have for thanksgiving dinner?
a: Turkey

q: How do you put 50 yews in a car?
a: 1 in front, 2 at back seat, and 47 in ashtray

q: What does Fozzie the Bear do when he can't find a ride?
a: Walk-a Walk-a 

q: What animal do you get when shake a pig?
a: a ham-stir

q: What do you call a Mexican who has just lost his car?
a: Carlos

q: USA to Russia:" What will you have for Thanksgiving dinner?
a: "Turkey"

q: Did you hear about the Homeopath who forgot to take his medication?
a: He died of overdose

q: What did the guy on LSD say while driving on the highway?
a: Woah, the traffic is moving.

q: What did the hipster say the day after thanksgiving?
a: I liked the leftovers before they were cool.

q: What do you get when you inject human DNA into a sheep?
a: ...banned from the petting zoo...

q: How do you get a jew out of his car?
a: Tell him it runs on gas

q: What do you call Dwayne Johnson having sex with a rock?
a: Masturbation.

q: What did the duck say when he bought lipstick?
a: the duck say when he bought lipstick?

q: Why is a laundromat a really bad place to pick up women?
a: Because a woman who can't afford her own washing machine won't be able to support you.

q: What's the difference between JFK and Bill Clinton?
a: One got his head blown off, the other was assassinated

q: Which 20th Century Business tycoon was a top?
a: The one who could really Rock-a-feller

q: What do you call a person without a son?
a: per

q: How many dead hookers do you need to replace a lightbulb?
a: Atleast not three since my basement is still dark.

q: What is a toilet in Ancient Mexico?
a: Aztec.

q: What's the best way to reheat turkey?
a: Nuke it.

q: Black Fridays Matter?
a: All Fridays Matter. 

q: When do terrorists go to bed?
a: 9:11pm

q: How do you kill a giraffe?
a: Punch him in the throat. 

q: Did you hear about the mohel with no knife?
a: He was a ripoff. 

q: Why was WWI so short?
a: Because they were Russian... Why was WWII so long? They were Stalin...

q: What Should I Do Today?
a: Eat A Bomb?Nuke A Toaster?Ride Nyan Cat Into Space?Bomb ISIS?Oh Theres Just So Much You Can Do!

q: What's white on the outside and black on the inside?
a: An American police officer.

q: What are ISIS militants using to stuff their Thanksgiving goat?
a: Their dicks!

q: How did I get out of Iraq?
a: Iran

q: How do people with leukemia know they have cancer?
a: They can feel it in their bones.

q: what's Putin having for Christmas?
a: Turkey

q: Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice box?
a: Because it says "concentrate"

q: What do you call Whoopi Goldberg after sex?
a: A Whoopi pie.

q: What smells bad and sounds like a bell?
a: Dung! Get it?!

q: What does a dog from Minnesota say?
a: Woof da.

q: What's the most common activity people do while wearing safety vests?
a: Reflect! I use this dadjoke on my pregnant wife every day when she goes out for walks after dark and wears a safety vest.. 'Now honey, don't forget to reflect on all sorts of things, especially car headlights!'

q: Why did the bunch of grapes exile one of the grapes?
a: It was a persona non grappa.

q: Why did the turkey cross the road?
a: To get to  .

q: What did the pot-smoking alien say when asked what toppings he wanted on his sammich?
a: Ayy lil' mayo. 

q: Why is it funny when someone fractures their upper arm?
a: Because it os humerus.

q: How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas?
a: Deep pan, crisp and even.

q: Where do you send a Jew with ADHD?
a: A concentration camp!

q: How do dogs do business?
a: Pro-bono

q: Why did they build a shrine to karl marx in Japan?
a: Because he was a kami!

q: Why cant Mexicans have Sex ed and Drivers Ed on the same day?
a: because the donkey needs a break

q: Why aren't redheads very good R&B singers?
a: Because they have no soul

q: Whats the difference between a girl and a washing machine?
a: When I dump a load in the washing machince, it doesnt follow me around

q: How can you tell if someone is a marathon runner?
a: Don't worry, they'll let you know.

q: Why Are Germans Buried 20 Feet Underground?
a: Because deep down they're real nice

q: Why doesn't Santa give gifts to naughty kids?
a: Because it'd Krampus style.

q: What's long, hard and a bit shitty at the end?
a: This joke. 

q: What's better than a joke on /r/Jokes?
a: The inevitable comment from 

q: Why do whales have really good immune systems?
a: They consume a lot of vitamin SEA!

q: What do you call an egg that always gets picked on?
a: The butt of every yolk :(

q: What do you call it when Paul scores?
a: Paulinating.

q: What is an omelette?
a: A small Buddhist.

q: What do you call a limp snake?
a: An ereptile dysfunction.

q: How do you make a black man run faster?
a: Give him a white man's wallet. 

q: How do you get an anarchist to kick your ass?
a: Violate his N.A.P.

q: Hey what was the ending of that movie last night?
a: Oh it was just a list of names

q: What do you call a lost legion?
a: A Roman army

q: Was your Daddy an enzyme?
a: Because you're certainly a fuckfase.

q: Whats the most confusing day in Detroit?
a: Fathers day.

q: Why did the Seahawks win the 2015 NFC Championship game against the Packers?
a: Because even Aaron Rodgers is a 12!

q: What do you call a twelve faced shape made out of genitals?
a: A dodickahedron.

q: Why are orphans bad at poker?
a: Because they don't know what a full house is

q: What's a hipster's biggest problem?
a: You probably haven't heard it.

q: What's the Difference?
a: Between a picture of Jesus and Jesus himself?  The picture only needs 1 nail...

q: Where do Mexicans get their car parts?
a: From Vato Zone

q: How many redditors does it take to post a joke to /r/Jokes?
a: Three. One to post it, another to post a better punchline in the comment section, and another to repost it with the new punchline.

q: What did the double hand amputee get for Christmas?
a: I don't know, he hasn't managed to open it yet. 

q: What's the resemblance between a bungeejump and a african whorehouse?
a: If the rubber blows, you're dead

q: What's the difference between a bike and a car?
a: A bike runs on fat and saves you money. A car runs on money and makes you fat.

q: What do you call a Jamaican in Italy?
a: A pastafarian.

q: How did one dinosaur insult the other?
a: Yo mama so stupid she gets excited seeing a shooting star.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic corn shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: The epileptic corn shucker shucks between fits.

q: What comes after Z?
a: A question mark. 

q: Why did the samurai hate nonsense?
a: Because he was a sensei.

q: What's the difference between a homeless wanker and a pimp?
a: One's a broke stroker and the other is a stroke broker.

q: Why is it better to date a woman with heavy thighs during the winter?
a: Your ears stay warmer.

q: What are the first words Jared Fogle's girlfriend said to him?
a: "Would you like to buy some girl scout cookies, sir?"

q: Have you tried Ethiopian Food?
a: Neither have they.

q: What do you call a Russian sovereign with dwarfism and a taste for both men and women?
a: A little bizar

q: What does a pescatarian librarian eat when they're hungry for a little snack?
a: Microfiche.

q: Whats the difference between a lesbian and a wheat-thin?
a: Ones a snack cracker, the other is a crack snacker.

q: What is the difference between ass-kissing and brown-nosing?
a: Depth perception.

q: How do you kill a Mormon?
a: Bore them to death.

q: Did you hear that Tom Brady is running for president?
a: His platform is lowering inflation.

q: What do you call a jihadi that owns both a goat and a donkey?
a: Bisexual.

q: What do your mother and the ground have in common?
a: They are always full of seed. 

q: What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
a: One person. 

q: What's frozen water and dangerous?
a: ISIS

q: Did you hear about the ice cream man that committed suicide?
a: He topped himself. 

q: What are the advantages of living in Switzerland?
a: Well, for one, the flag is a big plus.

q: Did you hear about that earthquake yesterday?
a: I heard it was groundbreaking.

q: Who are the world's fastest readers?
a: The 911 victims. They went through 50 stories in a minute. I'm so sorry

q: Why are you not able to boil water in a tauntaun?
a: Because they're not real.

q: what currency does the sun use?
a: starbucks

q: Was that pun intended?
a: Nope, unintended.

q: What did the girl on her period say when she got caught?
a: "You caught me red handed!"

q: Why was Santa in the asylum?
a: He lost his SANTAty

q: What is the comeback that fits well with any argument?
a: Not a joke. Just want to see funny comments.

q: What's ISIS's favourite band?
a: Koran Koran. 

q: Why do handicapped people wear shoes?
a: Because if they didn't their local gas station would turn a blind eye.

q: How come there are no Jared Fogle jokes on reddit?
a: No I mean it im just asking,

q: What's the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with big tits?
a: One is a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean

q: What was Tigger doing in the toilet?
a: Looking for Pooh.

q: What's Forrest Gumps password?
a: 1forrest1

q: Which lake is named after the Cleveland Steamer?
a: Titicaca

q: What do you call a gay man on roller skates?
a: Rollaids

q: How do the Lannisters save money on new beds?
a: They push Two twins together to make a King

q: What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun?
a: Lukewarm.

q: What do you call a spy that likes to spend time with his son?
a: James Bonding bah dun tss

q: What do you call the stage a ladybug goes through before it becomes an adult?
a: Pupa-ty.   

q: what do you call a gassy Scotsman?
a: Bravefart

q: You know what happened when your mom went swimming?
a: The Titanic sank

q: Do you know Andy Griffith's wife?
a: OP's mom

q: What's the difference between classical music and Barry white?
a: A lot when you are having a prostate exam. 

q: What have Kim Jong-Un and Viagra got in common?
a: They're both good at rigging erections.

q: What noise does a homosexual horse make?
a: Geigh

q: What is a brain dead couples' favorite pizza?
a: Veggie lovers

q: What do Winnie the Pooh and Jack the Ripper have in common?
a: The same middle name.

q: How do you tell if your roommate is gay?
a: If his dick tastes like shit.

q: What did Justin Beiber say to his teacher?
a: What do you mean?

q: What's a junkie's favorite videogame?
a: Need for Speed.

q: Want to talk about rape?
a: No? That's the spirit.

q: What happens when you cross a mountain climber with a mosquito?
a: Nothing, you can't cross a vector with a scaler.

q: What one noun, verb, and US President sums up a scientist's hopes and fears?
a: Grant.

q: How do blondes carpool?
a: They meet up a work

q: Why was the accountant constipated?
a: He couldn't budget.

q: A black guy and a mexican are in a car, who's driving?
a: The police. They're the police, racist.

q: What do you call it when a waiter at an internet cafe gets your order wrong?
a: 500 Internal Server Error

q: What did the nun wear to the casino?
a: Her gambling habit.

q: Did you know someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds?
a: I feel bad for the poor fella.

q: Did you hear about the cheese truck that crashed?
a: The street was littered with de brie

q: What U.S. State has the smallest sodas?
a: Minisoda

q: What's an Islamic extremist's favorite baseball team?
a: The new york Jets

q: Why did the black guy loose all his money?
a: Because a cop robbed him.

q: What is hitlers favorite yugio card?
a: The  blue eyes white dragon

q: What do you call a psychic, midget fugitive?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What do your mom and Poland have in common?
a: a lot of countries have been inside her.

q: What do you get when you go to a concert in Paris?
a: Shot.

q: What does my dad do for fun?
a: Beats me _()_/

q: What did Jarod from subway get on his first night in jail?
a: A foot long

q: What muscle do Egyptian soldiers generally lose control of, shortly before major battles?
a: The sphinxster ....

q: What do you have when you are having second thoughts about your booking on Native American land?
a: Reservation reservation reservations.

q: How many muslims does it take to climb a building?
a: daesh many.

q: What's the smelliest breed of dog?
a: A poo-dle

q: What does 80 year old pussy taste like?
a: Depends

q: Why did the woman fall in love with the surgeon?
a: Because he cauterize.

q: What did Jeffery Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbitt?
a: "You going to eat that?"

q: Why do black people talk funny?
a: They don't, it's a miff.

q: What did the gay guy say when he found out his boyfriend cheated on him?
a: That's it; I'm never thrusting you again

q: What is a terrorists favorite snack?
a: An Allah Ak-bar

q: What's the hardest dinosaur to ride?
a: A Falloffasarus - Patrick age 10

q: How many people does it take for Prince Andrew to be accused of gang rape?
a: One. And one's friends.

q: Which class the The Flash hated the most while in college?
a: Physics...

q: What do you say to your girlfriend when you are on the toilet and she is braiding her hair?
a: I shit, you knot.

q: How did you get out of Iraq?
a: Iran

q: Why does the shortage of strip clubs in the middle east make ISIS so angry?
a: Because there aren't enough ho stages.

q: What do you call an angry terrorist?
a: Amin Amood

q: How do you make any woman wet?
a: Liquor

q: What screams "Allah Akbar" and then smashes your crockery to pieces?
a: A Daesh washer. 

q: If your father is a Priest, could you call him Father dad?
a: Shit thought, shit joke.

q: What do you call Muslims on a Plane?
a: PASSENGERS!

q: What do terrorists and the American government have in common?
a: They both blow up people who don't agree with them.

q: What is comedian and former MTV show host Tom Green's favorite brand of pen?
a: Uni-Ball

q: Girl, are you organized?
a: Because I want to get on your ToDo list!

q: have you tried subways new jared special?
a: two small buns with extra mayo

q: Did you hear that the Titanic was a conspiracy?
a: To cover up your mom sinking.

q: What happens to superficial people when they die?
a: They end up in a shallow grave.

q: How much does a pirate pay for corn?
a: A Buck-An-Ear

q: Who wrote "The Tiger's Revenge"?
a: Claude Balls

q: What's a North Korean farmer's favorite time of year?
a: Breakfast.

q: What do you call a poor pepper farmer?
a: A jalapeo pauper

q: The first and last thing I saw, is nothing. What am I?
a: A mentally challenged lumberjack

q: what did the angry German man say when he was asked to count to 10?
a: NEIN!!!

q: Why is the Computer D Drive always sad?
a: D:

q: What did Jeffrey Dahlmer say to Lorena Bobbit?
a: Excuse me are you going to eat that? *Ellen Barken on David Letterman show.

q: Did you hear about the latest innovation in french tanks?
a: Rear view mirrors so they can see the battles going on.

q: What did the ocean say to the other ocean?
a: Nothing, it just waved

q: What do you call a fish out of water?
a: Asians? Idk it's been a rough day.

q: What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat?
a: Uncle bens rice

q: What does a wolf lick a ram with?
a: His tungsten

q: Why can't muslims eat pigs?
a: Because the Quran forbids cannibalism 

q: Which cable provider offers ISIS 24/7 support?
a: Daesh Network

q: Where do you eat toaster waffles on the beach?
a: San Diego!!

q: What does the aquarium janitor use to clean?
a: She uses all-porpoise cleaner!

q: What is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
a: The wheel chair.

q: What do the alphabet A and a flower have in common?
a: B comes after both.

q: What did the demonic junkie get charged with?
a: Two counts of possession

q: Did you hear Jared Fogle got sentenced to 15.5 years in prison today?
a: Under 16, that is a big win for him.  Credit to 

q: What do you call a line of diamonds on fire?
a: Hotline Bling.

q: Did you hear about all the problems going on in the middle East?
a: I heard its pretty Syria-ous

q: What do museums and girls have in common?
a: It is always look but don't touch.

q: What's the difference between you and a calendar?
a: A calendar has a future... 

q: What is a vegetable's favorite martial art?
a: He can't do martial art because he is paralyzed tip to toe.

q: What's the difference between dollars and Jews?
a: I give a shit when I lose 6 million dollars.

q: Did you hear about the chemistry teacher that yelled NaCl during class?
a: He was arrested for assault.

q: What's the difference between Hitler and the Boston bombers?
a: Only one of those could stop a race.

q: How does a mathematician solve his constipation problem?
a: He works it out with a pencil!     = 

q: What do black birds pick?
a: CAAAAAAAH-tin...

q: What is one thing you never say to a Muslim?
a: Share ya laws.

q: Why didn't the hipster have HIV?
a: He fucked Charlie Sheen before he was cool.

q: Did you hear about the law student who became a suicide bomber?
a: He's a smart bomb

q: Why did the pervert cross the road?
a: He couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.

q: Do you know any sodium jokes?
a: Na.

q: Why is something that keeps you from burning your fingers on a joint called a roach clip?
a: Because potholder was already taken

q: What does a Russian use to wipe their mouth?
a: ... a soviet

q: Why do 19th century dancers repeat the last word in their sentences?
a: Because they cancan. 

q: How can you tell if a 14 year old smokes weed?
a: Just wait. They'll tell you.

q: What do Zero and Nil have in common?
a: Absolutely nothing

q: What does Arizona name Colorado?
a: Border Collie

q: Did you hear about the jihadist birthday party?
a: It was a blast.

q: Did you guys hear about the scarecrow who won the nobel prize?
a: Apparently he was out standing in his field. When asked about how he won he said, "hay, it's in my jeans."

q: Why will people click on any link with sperm or eggs in the headline?
a: Hey, sex cells.

q: Why do black people have white palms?
a: There is little bit of good in all of us.  p.s. not racist, my shadow is black. 

q: What's the difference between pussy and parsley?
a: People actually eat pussy..

q: If Mississippi asked Missouri for her New Jersey, what would Delaware?
a: Idaho either, but Alaska!

q: What do you get when you cross the CIA and the Republican Party?
a: Shot in the head in Dallas.

q: What goes in long and hard and comes out soft and wet?
a: A Stick of Gum...

q: What do you call an accurate dog?
a: Spot-on.

q: What does a Polish groom give his bride for their wedding that is long and hard?
a: A new last name.

q: What's a zergling's favourite newspaper?
a: The Guardian.

q: Why did the barracuda want to hire the clown fish's anemone?
a: Because the barracuda believed that "anemone of my enemy is a friend."

q: What makes a talker become a stalker?
a: The s.

q: Did you guys hear about that Egyptian con-artist?
a: Turns out he was running a pyramid scheme all along.

q: What was sonic's diet advice to mario?
a: Gotta go fast

q: What's the difference between a freezer and a woman?
a: A freezer doesn't fart when I pull my meat out.

q: Why don't Jews eat pussy?
a: Because it's too close to the gas chamber

q: How did Charlie Sheen contract HIV?
a: By banging 7-gram rocks.

q: Mgmt: What makes you qualified for this job?
a: Me: Because i work for less and good at licking. Mgmt: You're hired.

q: What's the difference between a waitress and your mom?
a: A waitress leaves me alone after I give her the tip.

q: Where did Hitler place the black jews?
a: In the back of the oven.

q: [Racist?] Why do all Asian kids get straight A's?
a: Because the ones that don't are never heard from again. I'll be here all day folks.

q: What do you call it when ISIS soldiers run for cover?
a: 100 meter Daesh

q: What does a polish bride get on her wedding night that is long and hard?
a: a new last name

q: Why did Willow Smith whip her hair?
a: Because it has been very knotty.  Apologies in advance

q: What's it called when an isis member takes a selfie?
a: photo bombing

q: Did anyone else read about that Bulgarian guy that got guillotined yesterday?
a: Dennis Hedfelov

q: Did you hear about the employee at sea-world who killed his entire audience?
a: He did it ON A PORPOISE!!

q: What's the difference between a radical and a moderate Muslim?
a: A radical Muslim wants to cut your head off, but a moderate Muslim   the radical Muslim to cut your head off.  Bye. 

q: Why are there three letters missing from the alphabet?
a: Because Charlie Sheen has HIV.

q: How do the Sith ascend?
a: Elevaders

q: What's an alcoholic's favorite type of soap?
a: Bar soap.

q: What did the Frenchman say after 80?
a: Blaze it.

q: What do you call hundreds of crows at a Catholic church?
a: A mass murder.

q: Wanna hear a good joke?
a: You. 

q: How does the stork bring babies?
a: It pokes holes in condoms.

q: What do you do if an elephant comes through your front door?
a: Swim towards a window

q: What did the Italian diver say when he saw an eel?
a: That's a moray!

q: Why is it difficult to punish vampires?
a: They can't reflect on what they've done.

q: How do you spell hypocrisy?
a: R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N

q: What song title is best used to describe the France terrorist attack?
a: Niggas In Paris

q: What do you call a skeleton in a closet?
a: The hide and seek champion.

q: Have you heard about the cation?
a: It was absolutely pawsitive 

q: What did Simba tell everyone in the lunch line?
a: Musafa

q: What do Islamist extremists eat for breakfast?
a: French toast

q: Why did Isis cover their bullets in butter?
a: Because the French were toast!  This is a joke I made up, along with an alternative : What do Isis eat for breakfast?  French toast. 

q: Why did Moses only go down on redheaded girls?
a: He's into that burning bush.

q: Do Irish people make good optometrists?
a: Eye!

q: Did you guys hear about Anonymous declaring war on ISIS?
a: Looks like ISIS will finally get fucked by those 72 virgins they are always going on about

q: You heard about the concert last friday?
a: Heard it was hardcore. Some people went ballistic.

q: What do hillbillies do on halloween?
a: Pump-Kin

q: What do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors?
a: Ereptile dysfunction

q: What's blue and sits on the toilet?
a: A policeman doing his duty!

q: Why is Gordon Ramsey always so angry?
a: Because people get all up in his grill.

q: Why did the emo chicken go across the road?
a: He was afraid to go down the tracks.

q: Why don't Asians get constipated?
a: Because of their frequent bow movements.

q: Why couldn't Cain make God love him?
a: Because he wasn't   

q: what did the sign outside the rehab center say?
a: "Keep off the grass"

q: Why is Santa such a jolly old elf?
a: He knows where the naughty girls live.

q: Q: What does a horny toad say?
a: A: Rubbit

q: What's an incestuous mother's favourite drink?
a: Sonny-D

q: Did you know tank tops were illegal until the U.S constitution came out?
a: It gave people the right to bare arms.

q: What do you call a camera mounted on a ISIS-truck?
a: a daeshcam

q: Did you hear about the lumberjack who worked overtime?
a: He logged a lot of hours.

q: Why was E the only letter in the alphabet to get Christmas presents?
a: Because the rest of the letters are not-E.

q: Why does Wiz Khalifa brush his teeth?
a: Plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow, plaque and yellow.

q: What do you call a terrorist who's always late?
a: 9/12

q: Teacher to child: 'do you know how to spell banana?
a: Child: 'Yes, but I don't know when to stop'.

q: What's a pornstar's favourite spice?
a: cumin

q: What's long and black and dangerous to cut into?
a: The KFC Drive-thru line.

q: What is the worst part of eating vegetables?
a: The wheelchairs.

q: What do you call a Chinese man allergic to dogs?
a: Starving.

q: Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
a: I've never had a garbanzo bean in my mouth.

q: What's the definition of an Irish homosexual?
a: One who likes women more than beer

q: What do you call fast midget house cleaners?
a: Minute maids.

q: What do ISIS and cats have in common?
a: They're both a bunch of pussies. Credit to Stephen Colbert.

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite movie?
a: Minority Deport

q: What is Oedipus' favorite flavor?
a: Umami.

q: How do you find Will Smith in the Snow?
a: I don't know. Just look for the Fresh prints! Ha ha.                  He's also black.

q: Too soon?
a: Charlie Sheen's new show: "2 and a half T-Cells"

q: who are the shortest people in the bible?
a: The Shuhites

q: Who are the fastest readers of all time?
a: 9/11 victims, they went through 87 stories in 15 seconds

q: What kind of pizza would the twin towers order?
a: Two plains. 

q: What's the difference between Joan Crawford and an abortion doctor ?
a: When Joan used a coat-hanger on Cheryl, she was already out of the womb.

q: Why couldn't the incontinent man print his documents?
a: He couldn't Ctrl+P

q: What's another name for a cocoon?
a: Ninigger

q: What were the names of two gay Irishmen?
a: Henry Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzhenry.

q: How do you start a conversation about men's rights?
a: Mention feminism.

q: Why don't black girls wear underwear to cookouts?
a: To keep the flies off the fried chicken.

q: Why does Titan belong to Saturn?
a: Because it isnt Titan Uranus.

q: Why do Caitlyn Jenner's kids see right through her?
a: She's trans parent 

q: What is the difference between a marshmallow and a blowjob?
a: Your mother never gave me a marshmallow

q: Why did the Irishman eat only two hundred and thirty-nine beans?
a: Because eating one more would have been two-farty.

q: What is the difference between a wife and a mistress?
a: About 20kg.

q: What do you get when Italians join ISIS?
a: Baked Yazidi

q: What do you call someone addicted to both crack and weed?
a: A rockin' roller.

q: What do you have when you feed a nigger 7 warning signs?
a: Toblerone

q: What time of day is it in France right now?
a: Mourning

q: You know what's fucking shit?
a: A scat fetish

q: What did one asshole say to the other?
a: I don't know, you haven't said anything yet 

q: Why did the farmer fail to bring in the whole harvest before winter frost?
a: He got lost in the maize.

q: Why can't java programmers see well?
a: Because of the eclipse.

q: Why were episodes 4, 5, 6 made before 1, 2, 3?
a: Because in charge Yoda was. 

q: What do Philadelphia Eagles fans do after they win the superbowl?
a: Turn of madden and go to bed. (I'm an eagles fan)

q: What do you call it when you finger a pony?
a: Feeling a little horse. 

q: what do you say when you're out of spoons?
a: fork it.

q: Why do the horses hate the jockey?
a: Because he's a horse racist.

q: What did Frank say when he dropped his last slice of Pizza Hut in the toilet?
a: "Pizza shit"

q: What do you call a censored DMX song?
a: A really good instrumental

q: If people were animals who would be the dolphin?
a: The Cubans because they're the strongest swimmers.  ...Dogs? Chinese because it's a dog eat dog world.  ...Beavers? Mexicans because they're mostly into construction.  ...Cockroaches? ISIS because they're still there no matter how many times you bomb the place. 

q: What Do People Have In Common With Jellybeans?
a: Nobody likes the black ones. 

q: Why did the cows return to the marijuana field?
a: It was the pot calling the cattle back.

q: what is a jew that has eaten too many beans?
a: a gas chamber

q: What do you call drawings of dog poop that don't have outlines?
a: Dog turds without borders

q: How many Mizzou students does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: " "

q: What's squawky, worn out, and falls from foot easily?
a: An old shoe... ...and Ronda Rousey

q: Did you hear about the kind and humble Jew that donated a lot of money to charity?
a: Neither did I.

q: Q: How do you reuse a condom?
a: A: Turn it inside out, and shake the fuck out of it.

q: What's a space pirate's favorite planet?
a: mArrrs!

q: What's the hardest part of skydiving?
a: The ground!

q: What hood was the Swedish cholo from?
a: StockHOLMES!

q: What do you call the misuse of a meme?
a: A misdememer.

q: What do you say to a fig on ice?
a: Fig u're skating

q: Why did the math student fail his exam?
a: He needed to sketch the sine and cuisine graphs but only knew how to do cos(-x)

q: Mom, what is a transvestite?
a: -Ask uncle Yvonne.

q: What's the difference between the ISIS headquarters and a kindergarten?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drone.

q: Why are artificial intelligences in movies always female?
a: Because they're never wrong

q: What did Ronda Rousey's face look like after her fight with Holly Holm?
a: It was all broused up!

q: What do you call an retarded rich kid?
a: Downstown Abby

q: What is the most racist dinosaur???
a: The Tricericops

q: Did you hear about the guy who was told his genitals hadn't developed properly?
a: He got a little testy.

q: What did a young Pink Panther sing when he was playing with his magnifying glass in the back yard?
a: Dead ant; dead ant; dead ant dead ant dead ant...

q: How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
a: He ate pizza before it was cool.

q: What does a cow say in the winter?
a: I'm udderly freezing!

q: What's a pirate's favourite game?
a: An arrr-pg

q: Why'd the chicken cross the road?
a: To get to the retards house. **knock knock

q: What do you call a short Mexican?
a: A paragraph, because he's not big enough to be an es.

q: What will ISIS be called once it is destroyed?
a: WasWas

q: Mouldy sausage?
a: What is green and smells like pork? Kermits finger.

q: What happens to a person when they move out of Asia?
a: They become dis-oriented!

q: What's the best thing about dating a black girl?
a: You'd never have to meet the father.

q: What's a Jihadist Muslims least favorite sex position?
a: The Eiffel tower

q: What's the difference between slavery and a cow?
a: You stop milking a cow after 150 years.

q: What is the best part about taking a shower?
a: Not being able to see yourself in the mirror afterward.

q: What does a masturbating thug say when he's mugging you?
a: Hurry up and give me your money or i'll cum and jack you up!

q: Why does the French flag have Velcro?
a: So the blue and red sections are easily removed during a time of war.

q: What do you do when the dishwasher stops working?
a: You punch her

q: What did one orphan said to the other?
a: Robin, get in the batmobile! (credits to  )

q: Looking for some clarified butter?
a: I know a guy. Edit: Ghee

q: Do you have a Dickiedoo?
a: It's when your belly sticks out farther than your dickie do.

q: What do you call cheese that isn't your cheese?
a: NACHO-CHEESE

q: what do you call a french kebab?
a: a body bag.

q: What do you call a paedophile pirate?
a: Aaarrrrrrr Kelly!!

q: What DJ should you never trust with directions?
a: Fat Boy Slim, because he's always saying "right here, right now, right here, right now".

q: Why did Steph Curry cross the road?
a: Because he wasnt far enough from the 3pt line to take the shot.

q: What kind of music does a pirate like?
a: Arrr'n'B

q: What smells of cheese and is filled with holes?
a: About 100 French people right now 

q: What's a german's favourite number?
a: Nein

q: How does Michael J. Fox deal with his Parkinson's disease?
a: He just shakes it off. 

q: Want to play the rape game?
a: No!!   That's the spirit

q: Did you hear Obtuse Angle lost weight?
a: He looks all right now.

q: How many wife's does a catholic priest allowed to have?
a: Nun

q: What do Penises and Rubik's Cubes have in common?
a: The more you play with them, the harder they get

q: What's a great way to say I love you to your wife?
a: I have a heart-on for you. Credit where credit is due:  -Wayne Gretzky -Michael Scott

q: How do you make a faggot have sex with a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt.

q: How can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber?
a: Ask them to pronounce unionized.

q: What is the cheapest type of meat?
a: Deer testicles. They're under a buck.

q: How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?
a: Pick him up and suck his dick.

q: Who is the Prime Minister of Israol?
a: Netanyahoo

q: What did the weeaboo Southerner name his daughter?
a: Anna May

q: What would the war be called if Donald Trump started war on the Mexicans?
a: World war Juan

q: How do cats admit they're gay?
a: They come out of the clawset.

q: What is the worst thing about dating a Japanese girl?
a: You have to drop da bomb on her twice

q: What do you call it when you stab a vampire in the lungs?
a: A miss stake

q: How many Retards does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: ???????

q: can you draw a pentagram with your left hand?
a: Jim: we're doing this ritual and we will need A pentagram drawn with your own left hand  John: ok, no problem, though my own right hand Is what I would normally use instead Jim: So, you should write a verse about this time John: I'll call it "I, ambi-pentagrammer" (edited to try to vaguely be in iambic pentameter)

q: What is the difference between Reddit and a fetish party?
a: You might actually get me to sub here.

q: What's the most offensive joke you have heard?
a: Here is a few I've heard: What's the best thing about sex with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of them How do you get an emo out of a tree? Cut the rope What do you call a black woman who's had 7 abortions? A crime fighter Whats the difference between a jew and a dollar? People would care about losing 6 million dollars

q: Why did Hitler go to Sea World?
a: To see Adolphin!

q: Do you know a good veterinarian?
a: Because these pythons are sick.  (Flex arm muscles)

q: How old was the kid that dressed up like Hitler?
a: Nine

q: Why are all of the accountants supporting Hillary Clinton?
a: They want to save 20%.

q: What can hunger do that a woman simply can't?
a: Drive me to the grocery store.

q: What's a transgender's favorite action flick?
a: Transformers

q: How long does it take to build a castle?
a: A Fortnight

q: What do you call a stupid fish?
a: A dumb bass I'll sea myself trout

q: Why didn't Neil Armstrong catch cold while he was on the moon?
a: He was over the weather

q: What did the SJW say to the man who appropriated culture?
a: That's inappropriate.

q: Why did the Star Wars movies come out in the sequence 4, 5, 6,7, 1, 2, 3?
a: Because in charge of sequence, Yoda was.

q: What game does a black dad and son play forever?
a: Hide n' seek

q: What does the closed sign at a brothel say?
a: Beat it, we're closed.

q: Have you hear the onomatopoeia police's new siren?
a: It goes 'wee-woo wee-woo' I apologize

q: Why was the mermaid embarrassed and crying in the classroom?
a: She forgot her Algae-bra. Ha..

q: What happens when a plant is sad?
a: The other plants have to photosympathize with it

q: What do you call a Mexican guy who steps in dog shit?
a: A Puto. 

q: What deadly disease can bowls contract?
a: Ebowla

q: Did you guys hear that you can survive just on plants?
a: That is something i never herbivore!

q: Wheres my dog gone?
a: Dead in the trash

q: How do you know it's time to clean up your room?
a: When the wifi signal doesn't come through.

q: why is the bank for international settlements located in swizerland?
a: because it smells so cheesy, most people never heard of it. when in fact this bank is a central bank for central banks. but not all head of every central bank is attending its annual meetups. it is an elite club only G20 members are invited. central banks are not state owned but are private owned institution who can print their very own money. its outrageous if you understand what implications this holds.

q: How fast do lesbians have sex?
a: Lickety-split.

q: What does a deaf math nerd speak?
a: Sine language.

q: How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Hella.

q: Whats a mexicans favorite type basketball?
a: Juan on Juan

q: What fun drink can put your kid to sleep?
a: Bleach 

q: What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
a: Robertoe

q: What do you call a black mage?
a: A Negro-mancer

q: What's the Difference Between Guts and Balls?
a: Guts is coming home late from the bar, drunk as a skunk meeting your wife at the door with a broom in her hand and asking her if she's still cleaning the house or going out for a ride. Balls is coming home late from the bar, drunk as a skunk with lipstick all over your face and the scent of women's perfume all over you, meeting your wife at the door and stating, "You're next, chubby."

q: Where's the best place to have a waffle on the beach?
a: San Diego.  (Sandy Eggo)

q: What do cows do for fun?
a: They go to the moo-vies!

q: What's the difference between boogers and broccoli?
a: Kids don't eat broccoli. 

q: What do you give to a merperson in distress?
a: Meraid.

q: Why do people at Disneyland hate coke heads?
a: They're always cutting lines

q: What did the french say to the Nazis when they invaded ?
a: Table for 50,000?

q: What did the man say when he got his dancing robot to work?
a: "It twerks!" I don't know how this came to me..

q: Why did the mermaid wear SeaShells?
a: Because she outgrew her B-Shells. Ha...

q: Where do terrorists go to have a drink?
a: Allahuak Bar

q: Why did Eric Clapton make the switch from PC to Apple?
a: Well because he had a horrible experience with windows. (credit to Neil Hamburger for this amazing joke)

q: What did the police officer say to the white man running away with a TV?
a: "Sir, you dropped your receipt!"

q: Why can't a T-rex clap?
a: Because there extinct.

q: How are Jail and Olive Garden Similar?
a: Free Endless Salad Tossing

q: Why does a Canadian with a stutter never run low on batteries?
a: He always has plenty of double "eh"s,  triple "eh"s...

q: What colour is eight?
a: Purple  (According to my 3 year old son)

q: What's the most stupid part about telling a rude joke on Reddit?
a: (Offensive)

q: What is a hypocrite?
a: An atheist writer praying his book will sell.

q: Why couldn't the Mexican work a wrench?
a: I don't know. Torqu?

q: Why are the Soviets Russian?
a: Because there's no Stalin.

q: What country is next to USA?
a: USB.

q: What do you call someone who reads in the sun?
a: Well Red.

q: How many SCPs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: [DATA EXPUNGED]

q: What is a dog's favorite camp sport?
a: Woofleball

q: [OFFENSIVE] How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw... (Heard this one the other day from a friend, and thought I might share it here. :P)

q: What did the phone say to the other phone after a bad rejection?
a: If you like it then you shudda put a ringtone on it.

q: What do people with huge penises eat for breakfast?
a: Well, I had toast. EDIT: me and   weren't expecting you to know. cuz

q: How's your day Dog ?
a: Rough...

q: What's the difference between me and an egg?
a: An egg gets laid.

q: Which Christian denomination knows the most about dinosaurs?
a: Episcopaleontologists

q: What do you call a horny dog in the kitchen?
a: A fur-tile bitch

q: What do you call a cock-muncher's favorite meal..?
a: Not me.. Stop calling me that.

q: Why can you only ran through a campground and not run?
a: Because it's past tents.

q: What is the difference between ovaries and testicles?
a: There is a vas diference

q: How do you tell if someone is being a karma whore?
a: EDIT: Wow I didn't expect this to become so popular!

q: What do the Police and Pokmon have in common?
a: They gotta catch 'Jamal

q: What do women and turds have in common?
a: The older they are, the easier they are to pick up.

q: What do you call 5 black people having sex?
a: A threesome. 

q: Why did Blacula get kicked out of a Yale Halloween party?
a: The party was for "Wights only."

q: How do you make a baby politician cry?
a: How do you make a baby politician cry.   Take away his slush-y fund.  

q: Whats the difference between a priest and acne??
a: Acne waits until your 12 to come on your face.

q: If I have 3 cakes and I eat 2, what do I have?
a: diabetes.... I'll see myself out

q: What's the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds?
a: There was 20 of them 

q: How do farmers party?
a: They turnip the beets!

q: Why did the man throw his clock out the window?
a: Cause the cheating bitch ducked.

q: What's a Hater, Homophobe, Racist, Bigot, and Sexist?
a: Any conservative winning an argument with a liberal, Democrat or 'progressive'.

q: What did the orphan say when the orphanage burned down?
a: Nothing. He just laughed. 

q: Why was the Robot angry at the engineer?
a: Because he screwed his wife!

q: Why don't you have to pay for the items on a will?
a: It's a dead giveaway...

q: What is your best casino joke?
a: I work in a casino and want to hear your best one. Here is mine:  what's the difference between a canoe and a baccarat player? A canoe sometimes tips!

q: Where do you take a cheque?
a: Czechoslovakia. 

q: What's the favorite color of horses?
a: Horse rddish.

q: Have you seen the Paralympic version of Lord of The Rings?
a: Every character was Legoless

q: Do not adopt a snow leopard?
a: i did its ruined the sofa, there is shit all over the house,my arms are in ribbons and now i cant find the dog, i think some charities can be downright irresponsible!

q: Why does hiring a ship illegally always cost $3.14?
a: Because theyre pi rates.

q: What do you call a color-blind pop artist?
a: See No Green

q: Did you hear about the African American girl who was quiet during the movie?
a: She wasn't.

q: What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute?
a: When I cut up a prostitute i don't cry.

q: Why did Jesus fall on the side of the road?
a: Because he was crossed. 

q: Do you guys know the story about the broken pencil?
a: Nevermind, it has no point. 

q: What brand of pen does Lance Armstrong use?
a: Uni-ball

q: What did SMG say to his son before he left for school?
a: Bizon

q: Why didn't the tree like to play checkers?
a: Because it was a chesnut tree.

q: Did you hear what happened in the Multi-Language Translation Race?
a: Nobody made it to the Finnish Line.

q: What were Charles Darwin's favorite fruits?
a: Oranges and peaches.

q: What's the difference between a joke and 3 dicks?
a: Your wife can take 3 dicks!

q: Why was the magnet seeing the Psychiatrist?
a: Because it was bipolar.

q: How do you request another Mormon wife?
a: Brigham Young

q: What do you call a spanish child molester?
a: A pdrophile

q: Why did 9 bust 1?
a: Because 6 8 9

q: What does Santa Claus and Jared from Subway have in common?
a: They both leave kid's homes with empty sacks.

q: Why does your son call you big brother?
a: Because he's your mom's kid.

q: What's a nature philosopher's favorite rap song?
a: Thoreau some mo'

q: Why Did The Black Guy Crossed The Road?
a: because... chicken.lel

q: How do you take the letter "f" out of the word "way"?
a: There is no f in way

q: How many Marines does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Fuck it, we'll drink in the dark. (Happy birthday Devildogs)

q: What made the triangle high?
a: Potenuse  Credit: Key and Peele. I don't want to be like that kid in class. 

q: Why did Adolf Hitler hate math class?
a: He didn't like showing his work; was only interested in the final solution.

q: What kind of bees do female ghosts have to deal with?
a: Dead ones, you guys. Dead ones. 

q: How do you find Will Smith in winter?
a: You follow the Fresh Prince

q: How do you kill 20 flies?
a: Slap an african in the face

q: Why can't the main character of Fallout 4 get a girlfriend?
a: Because they're too young for him

q: What is Stewie Griffin's least favorite Fallout weapon?
a: The Fat Man.

q: Why do you never find elephants hiding in trees?
a: Because they are really good at it. 

q: What kind of overalls does mario wear?
a: Denim Denim Denim

q: Why did Heisenberg remove the speedometer from his car?
a: So he would stop getting lost everything he checked it.

q: Where's the best place to hide a body?
a: Stephen Hawking's personal gym.

q: What did the yoga teacher say when someone asked if she wanted to leave the party early?
a: Namaste

q: Did you know condoms have serial numbers?
a: Oh, I guess you've never rolled one down far enough.

q: What does a drug addict like to do in their free time?
a: Netflix and pills :D

q: Did you hear about the prostitute that got a vagina implanted on her hip?
a: She wanted to make some money on the side...

q: How many IT people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Do you have a ticket for that?

q: How many ants does it take to rent a house?
a: Doesn't matter, ants can't rent a house

q: What was Hitler's favourite air vehicle?
a: heilcopter

q: If a stork makes white babies, and a crow makes black babies, what makes no babies?
a: A Swallow

q: What did the dyslexic person worship?
a: Santa.

q: What flavor do termites like best?
a: Chair-y

q: What do you call Neil deGrasse Tyson pouring champagne all over his naked chest?
a: An astro-fizzy-tits

q: How do men and women fill the fuel tank differently?
a: Men jiggle the nozzle afterwards.

q: [Racist Joke] What does a black men and the Terminator have in common?
a: One says "Hasta la vista baby!!" and the other one says "Hasta la vista son"

q: How is a NASA Shuttle similar to Sex with Your Mother?
a: ...  They both burn on re-entry.

q: Why does Santa have such a beautiful garden?
a: He is always Hoe-hoe-hoeing.

q: How the hell did Caitlyn Jenner win women of the year?
a: She hasnt even been a women for a year yet.

q: Where's the best place to hide after a murder?
a: Behind a badge

q: Why did the Italian get thrown out of the hotel?
a: He said "I wanna two sheet onna the bed".

q: What did the American vet did when he came to back from Vietnam?
a: "The guns wasn't in the horse fixing resume!"

q: What do you call a gay sailor who happens to have a cold?
a: Phlegmbuoyant. 

q: What do you call a pessimistic black man?
a: Niggative.

q: Why was Hitler bad at math?
a: Because could never find the Final Solution. 

q: Why does nobody play poker in the jungle?
a: Too many cheetahs

q: Whats the difference between chemistry and cooking?
a: In chemistry, you should never lick the spoon.

q: Why was the homeless man unsuccessful at stand-up comedy?
a: Because his jokes were always in poor taste ..

q: Why did the vegan zombie visit the coma ward?
a: Because it only ate vegetables.

q: Why does Mexico never do well in the Olympics?
a: Anyone who can run, jump or swim is already over the border

q: Why can't a Stormtrooper have a baby?
a: Because they always miss.

q: What's my best pickup line?
a: Does this rag smell of chloroform to you? 

q: Why a baker?
a: Why did the baker become a baker? He just couldn't cut it as a butcher.

q: Did you hear about the bombed hospital in Afghanistan?
a: You could almost say it was a surgical strike.

q: Why did the gynecologist need glasses?
a: Everything he saw was fuzzy.

q: What is a pedophile's favorite part of a basketball game?
a: Before the first period. 

q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?
a: Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?  A: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing the chickens.

q: What does a geography graduate do with a lightbulb?
a: Not get a job.

q: Did you guys know that the entire Miami Dolphins team is missing?
a: Yeah, I saw it on ESPN. It had their team logo and then a big MIA next to it.

q: What do you call a family that runs a gas station?
a: Pump kin.

q: What do you call the Israeli PM when he switches search engines?
a: Benjamin Netangoogle

q: What do xenophobes do on Star Trek when the holidays come?
a: Egg Nog

q: What did the Rei say to the Hachi?
a: Nice obi!

q: What's the difference between a women's high school track team and African Pygmies?
a: One is a cunning bunch of runts

q: What did the holy shit say to the priest?
a: I'm glad I got the hell out of there!

q: What makes cows and horses so valuable?
a: They have a lot of moo/neigh. 

q: Do you know what the best part of wearing a watch is?
a: Time is on your side.

q: Did you know it's impossible to piss your pants on purpose?
a: It's a weird biological thing

q: Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?
a: A: One requires tweetment, the other requires oinkment.

q: Why was the Egyptian boy confused?
a: His daddy was really a mummy.

q: What is "moving and walking straight"?
a: Four words. Edit: when do I kill myself.

q: What happened after Hitler dyed his hair blonde?
a: He became a Super Aryian.

q: What do you get when you mix human DNA and goat DNA?
a: Kicked out of the petting zoo.

q: Did you hear about the robbery at the bakery?
a: The thieves said 'give me all your dough.'

q: What's the best part about having sex with ninety-nine year olds?
a: There's ninety of 'em.

q: Why does spider man so great with his stunts?
a: Because he is Peter Parkour

q: What do you call an attractive person in a wheel chair?
a: Hot wheels.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves?
a: Russel

q: Difference Between Thief ?
a: Q: What's the difference between a voyeur and a thief?  A: A thief snatches your watch.

q: What do you call four Mexicans at the bottom of the ocean?
a: Quatro Sinko

q: What did the dwarf say to the prostitute?
a: Hi-ho

q: How many Americans does it take to change a bulb?
a: None, Mexicans do it for them.

q: why was the chicken population so large?
a: because it grew  ponentially 

q: Did you hear about the Mexican train bomber?
a: He had locomotives.

q: What did Mike Tyson say to the boy who gave him a bouquet at his final boxing match?
a: Tysssonssss

q: How do you know when the Moon is going broke?
a: When it's down to it's last quarter.

q: What did the ventriloquist say to their friend?
a: Nothing. He's mute. I don't even think he's as ventriloquist.

q: How can you recognise a blind man among a crowd of nudists?
a: It's not hard...

q: Did you know that human meat preserves really well?
a: It is because it is can-able.

q: What does Egyptian airport security have in common with Los Angeles airport security?
a: Both have LAX security.

q: What's the difference between a blimp and a blow job every day?
a: One's a Goodyear, the other's a fucking awesome year!

q: What did one alcoholic say to the other alcoholic?
a: I forget

q: What do you call a brony in a wheelchair?
a: Virgin Mobile

q: How many chans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Lulz!!! etc etc etc :-D

q: What's a mass in your body that is really helpful?
a: A cyst!

q: How does JokeExplainBot work?
a: Having all that trivial information must be a big distraction...

q: What's the difference between a circus and a strip club?
a: A circus is full of cunning stunts

q: Why was the mathematician stressed out?
a: He was in a dilemma.

q: Why do women talk non-stop?
a: Because they don't like periods.

q: You are in a room with nothing but a table and a mirror. How do you get out?
a: You look in the mirror and see what you saw. Take the saw and saw the table in half. Two half's make a whole, go through the hole. 

q: What did the poop said to the other poop?
a: Poop: Please don't push. It's already tight in here! Poop to Pee: May I go first? Meanwhile, Fart pushing everyone to the sides.. Fart: Excuse me! Excuse me! I need to go!

q: How many post-minimalists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Two. On e to he  lp with t he  he lp with  one two  with and the oth  there to  {}}}}}}}}}}}}}  and th e to two  with lp  he

q: Why did Marx pay for dinner on the first date?
a: Because his utopia might be classless, but he's not

q: Have you heard of the newest study?
a: Experts say that 82% of people believe what is said in make-believe studies when they claim that they are confirmed by experts.

q: Who's a bitch?
a: PinkShine

q: What's the hardest part of rollerblading?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: Ever hear the one about the deaf guy?
a: Neither did he.

q: What do you call a cow with two legs?
a: Your mother!

q: Why is Jesus happy people hang pictures of him?
a: It only takes one nail to put him on a wall.

q: What was the hardest part of being happy in the 1920's?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: What do you call a nun that is lost?
a: A Roamin' Catholic 

q: Where can you find a dog with no arms and no legs?
a: Right where you left it

q: Why did the young boat dock before it was ready?
a: Pier Pressure 

q: What's the first thing you know?
a: Old Jed's a millionaire.

q: What do you call a cow with only legs on one side?
a: Lean Beef.

q: What three things does a woman need to do an oil change on her car?
a: Two boobs and a man

q: Have you guys seen the Hitler biopic starring Mike Tyson?
a: I just watched it and I don't think Mike really got his character down. He kept saying he hated juice.

q: What's better than roses on my piano?
a: Tulips on my organ.

q: Did you hear about the little boy in CA that saw Jesus?
a: He ran to Jesus to give him a hug and Jesus said:  "Come back when you're eighteen "

q: Why are turtles so grumpy?
a: Because they can't masturbate.

q: Know why polish airplanes only fill half of an airplane for each fligth?
a: Poles on the rigth half of the plane are unstable

q: Did you hear about the cooked turkey?
a: It was basted on a true story.

q: What is Justin Timberlake's favourite Ukrainian river?
a: The Crimea River.

q: Why is diabetes like a fumble recovery?
a: Because you didn't know they had it.

q: What do you call a group of thirsty Rabbi's with a tan?
a: Orange Jews

q: Where do most Mustangs get into car accidents at?
a: Leaving Mustang meets.

q: What do you call getting high and having sex?
a: A kush and push.

q: Why is it NASA has never sent a woman to the moon?
a: It don't need cleaning!

q: Where is Donald Trump gonna put all of the illegal immigrants once he arrests them?
a: Juantanamo

q: What does an empty bottle of Champaign and an orphan have in common?
a: Nether of them have a pop.

q: whats the most uncomfortable thing about a prostate exam?
a: When you ask the doctor where to put your pants and his reply is right next to mine.

q: What kind of shoes does Jack Lew wear?
a: Cashews.

q: What do you call a retarded camel?
a: A humpback.

q: A man walked into a bar and took a girl home. What drink did he have at home?
a: A bloody Mary.

q: Why did the man tell his mom to get him out of prison?
a: She had gotten him out of a tight spot before.

q: Where do Amish people go to get medicine?
a: To the farmacy.

q: Why did the console cross the road?
a: To render the buildings on the other side

q: What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies?
a: A bingo machine. 

q: What's a ghost's favorite sexual act?
a: Booooooooooooookake

q: Why can't leopards hide?
a: Because they are always spotted!

q: Who would win a Race from New York to LA, two Homosexuals or two Lesbians?
a: The lesbians would win, because, they would 69 all the way there, while the homosexuals would still be at home packing their shit. 

q: How do dogs own cats?
a: bitches have pussies 

q: Why couldn't the Chinese herpetologist see out his car window?
a: Because it was too froggy outside.

q: What did the penny say to the other penny?
a: Let's get together and make some cents.

q: What would a horny hen order at a bar?
a: Cocktail :-P

q: What's the speed limit for sex?
a: Sixty-eight. At 69 you have to turn around.

q: How did harry potter get down the hill?
a: Walking, Jk rowling

q: What do you call a teacher who's always late for school?
a: Mr Bus.

q: What happened to the ice cube?
a: It came straight outta Compton's glass.

q: What is it called when you eat Cinnamon Toast Crunch at noon?
a: Cinnamon Toast Brunch

q: What's the difference between a $1000 used car and a Rolls-Royce?
a: One's a grand car and the other's a grand car

q: Where do Canadians play Basketball?
a: In the NB - "eh"

q: Can I ask you a question?
a: Me and my co worker was having a good conversation about school that lasted about 20 mins. Then she said "Can I ask you a question" and I replied "You just did"

q: Did you hear about that car that runs on seafood?
a: I heard it's very efishient

q: Poison anyone...?
a: Two men walk into a bar. The first one says to the bartender, " I would like some h2o." The second guy says to the bartender " I would like some h2o to." Why did the second guy die?  Because he had h2o TO one in other ways, h2o2 which a poisonous chemical

q: How do you know a cat is ready to leave?
a: He makes a fe-line for the door.

q: Did you know sugar is the only word that begins with an 's' that makes a 'sh' sound?
a: I'm sure of it.

q: Why do gay men always have candles near their asses?
a: So the gerbils can find their way out.

q: Why did my wife cross the road?
a: To go back into the first clothes shop we went into two hours ago.

q: Why is the son of Josip Tito and Adolph Hitler no fun at parties?
a: Because he's a Tito-Hitler.    Get it...   Teetotaler.. When you say it out loud.. It sounds like... teetotaler...    don't hate me   

q: You know what really gets on my nerves?
a: myelin

q: Why did the skull win 1st place in the race?
a: Because he ran ahead.

q: Why is the white guy the scariest guy in prison?
a: You know he's guilty.

q: Have you heard of the hard-working blind prostitute?
a: You really gotta hand it to her.

q: What happens when you combine Rick & Morty with a Solar Flare?
a: You get Solar Morty and WOOOoooooo!

q: Why does Oedipus hate to swear?
a: Because he kisses his mother with that mouth

q: What do you call a Russian with three testicles?
a: Hudyanika Bolokov

q: What kind of pizzas can tell the future?
a: Medium Pizzas 

q: Halloween joke (late): What do feminist ghosts keep fighting for?
a: Equal frights but usually their haircuts are enough to give worse frights! 

q: What's the same about nail care and black people?
a: They're both manicures

q: Why do dogs lick their dicks?
a: Because they can. 

q: Is your pH 14?
a: Cause you're a basic bitch

q: What's the worst thing about being a gynecologist?
a: You can't eat on the job.

q: Did you hear about the brown paper bag cowboy?
a: He had a brown paper bag hat, brown paper bag boots, a brown paper bag shirt, and a pair of brown paper bag pants. He was arrested. For rustling.

q: Did you hear about the blind dog that never got lost?
a: It really nose it's way around. 

q: Did you hear the Miami Heat's new theme song?
a: It's absolute fire

q: Whats the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana?
a: Nothing, their last big hit was the wall.

q: Why did the Jewish parents get mad at the rabbi?
a: He didnt leave them a tip....for dinner.

q: How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale?
a: 4 skin divers

q: How did the autistic boy survive his jump from a plane?
a: He was retarded 

q: What's the difference between a saxophone and an onion?
a: You don't cry when you cut up a saxophone. Happy Saxophone Day Why this musical abomination deserves its own day is beyond me. Edit: beside to beyond

q: Why are none talking in the ladies sauna?
a: They are sitting on their lips!

q: What do you call a group of singing killer whales?
a: An orca-stra.

q: What do you call a math teacher in an anime?
a: Sin Pi

q: What happens when you see two twin sister witches?
a: You don't know which witch is which!

q: Why can't you trust an Adam?
a: They make up everything.

q: What do books and sex have in common?
a: They both have a climax.

q: How long does it take to microwave a dead baby?
a: I don't really remember, I was too busy masturbating.

q: What is the difference between you and school tomorrow?
a: I'm not going to come into school tomorrow.

q: What do you call 2 medics?
a: paramedics 

q: What do you ask a Jamaican who's baking a cake?
a: Hey, are you Jamaican a cake?

q: What did the melon say to his daughter after she tried to get married?
a: You cant-elope!

q: Did you hear about the convicted grammar Nazi?
a: He was   to death

q: Why is North Korea horrible?
a: Because they have no Seoul.

q: What do you call a black detective?
a: Sherlock Homie

q: Did you hear about the Paragraph that went to jail?
a: I heard he got 6 sentences!

q: What's Blue and not heavy?
a: Light Blue.

q: What does a Korean need when they're taking their dog out?
a: Oven gloves.

q: What do you say to Aziz Ansari when you forget his birthday?
a: Aziz, I'm sorry.

q: What's a wavelength's favorite animal?
a: A lamb, duh!

q: What do you get when you cross a peach with a bunny?
a: Something punny.

q: What does Joaquin Phoenix say when a car almost hits him?
a: ''Hey! I'm Joaquin here!'' 

q: Why do engineers work out a lot?
a: They're obsessed with rigid bodies!

q: What do you call saplings in the army?
a: the infantry

q: Why'd the baker resort to prostitution?
a: Because they knead the dough.

q: Did you guys hear about that pastor who refused to perform a Full House themed lesbian wedding?
a: Apparently he didn't want to marry Kate and Ashley.

q: What does black spiderman say to spiderman ?
a: .  . . No Racism please !

q: Why did Billy not care who he offended while posting on the internet?
a: Because the ends justify the memes

q: Why shouldn't you beat up a retarded midget?
a: It's neither big nor clever.

q: What is Vladimir Putin's favourite subject?
a: Computin science

q: Why did the run on sentence think that it was pregnant?
a: Because its period was late.

q: What's red and smells like white paint?
a: Red paint.

q: How many Chinese people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One, while the rest were kung fu fighting

q: What is the most popular style in Moscow salons?
a: A brushin.

q: Why was the old Jewish woman afraid her chauffeur got her pregnant?
a: Because they schlepped together.

q: How many Mexicans does it take to pave a driveway?
a: Six, if you slice them thin enough.

q: A partnerswitch?
a: How about a partnerswitch?  I'll bang your wife and give you a handjob after!

q: What did the redditor do to a post?
a: He rEDDITed it. I'll leave.

q: How is a woman like a condom?
a: They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick!

q: What did the Game of Thrones character say when he saw the slutty door?
a: Hodor.

q: What does your mom and Pac-man have in common?
a: She eats balls all day. WOKA WOKA WOKA WOKA!!!!!

q: Have you ever heard of the lady who was accused of being the infamous Quilted Killer?
a: She's innocent until proven quilty.

q: what to ketchup and a condom have in common?
a: they both go on your weenie

q: Dang girl, are you a zombie?
a: Cuz I'm bringing you back from the dead!

q: What does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment?
a: ma'lady

q: Hey baby, have you got a time machine?
a: Cuz' I could go back in time to approach you with a better pickup line than this one

q: Why can't you feel photons?
a: Because they are light. 

q: Why shouldn't Hellen Keller drive?
a: Because she's a woman.

q: What's the difference between a musician and a 14-inch pizza?
a: A 14-inch pizza can feed a family of four

q: What does the Lego man do for fun?
a: He throws a block party.

q: Why aren't pigs invited to black tie events?
a: Haven't you ever seen pig's tie? It's filthy!

q: What did the statue say to the other statue?
a: Hey, S-tat-ue?

q: How do you get Holy water?
a: You boil the Hell out of it.

q: What's another name for a dictator?
a: Penis potato 

q: What's the difference between an Elephant and a post box?
a: Well, if you don't know I'm definitely not asking you to mail this letter for me.

q: Why is a marriage like a hurricane?
a: They both start off sucking and blowing, but you end up losing your house.

q: What do you call Judge Judy when she dresses like a vampire?
a: Cunt Dracula

q: What does the dead comedian cook with?
a: Deadpan

q: Schrdinger, what have you done to our cat?
a: He's half dead!

q: What did the swollen prostate say during the prostatectomy?
a: I'm out, urine.

q: what do you call a gay dinosaur?
a: megasoreass

q: What is the first thing they teach you at Gardening school?
a: WATERRR THOOOOOSSSSSEEEEE!!!!

q: What is white and disturbs your lunch?
a: An avalanche

q: Why is it really hard to convince Egyptians?
a: Because they all live in de-nile...

q: What is worse?
a: What is worse than a dead hooker? A dead hooker in your bed.What is worse than that? Hooker dies when you are doing that. What is worse than that? Hooker doing a blowjob before dying. What is worse than that? Hooker closes his mouth once and for all with your dick in it. What is worse than that? Opening her mouth with a crowbar.What is worse than that? Crowbar breaking.

q: why Palestinians have the fastest computers?
a: coz they have RAM-allah

q: What do you call a wanker on a plane?
a: a Highjacker

q: Did you hear about the constipated accountant?
a: He just couldn't budget.

q: What do you call meat on the back of a cow?
a: Aspergers

q: How do you make your wife scream after sex?
a: Wipe your dick on the curtain. 

q: What happens when a bull and a horse go to a bar?
a: They get BUCKED up!

q: Why won't Americans switch to a dollar coin?
a: They're afraid of change.

q: On Kashyyyk, Chewbacca's homeworld, would amateur junior-level warriors be called Rookie Wookies?
a: :)

q: What do you call a sea Captain's hilarious fictional book about bellybuttons?
a: Edit: I'm so sorry. I had to exorcise this shitty joke out of my head before it drove me insane.

q: Where does the midget pizza chef with epilepsy work?
a: Little seizures

q: What do you call a joke about oral sex?
a: Pun-ilingus. 

q: Did you hear what happened to Lot's wife?
a: She got assaulted

q: Why do gangsters save so much money on clothes?
a: 'Cause all their pants are half-off

q: Where do sick boats go?
a: The Dock

q: What did the druggie do when he got acid?
a: Took some tums

q: Did you guys hear about the kidnapping today?
a: It's okay though, he woke up.

q: Why are there so many fish in the sea?
a: They're always getting hooked up

q: Why was Hitler doomed to fail?
a: because jew wrongs don't make a riech

q: What shakes and sits at the bottom of the ocean?
a: A nervous wreck.

q: Why didn't Abraham Lincoln go to jail?
a: Because he was in-a-cent! 

q: Whats the difference between congress and parliament?
a: Ones filled with a bunch of baboons and the other just doesn't give a hoot during the day.

q: Hey girl whats your sine?
a: It must be 90 degrees because you're the 1.

q: Are you alone?
a: Because you're showing high interest. 

q: What do you get when you're bitten by a mosquito wearing a fedora?
a: M'laria

q: What's the difference between Gordon Ramsey and a run in the forest?
a: Ones a pant in the country the others a...

q: What's the difference between fog and mist?
a: If you hit it its fog, if you don't it's mist.

q: Where do douchebags get their clothes?
a: Abercrombie and Bitch

q: What do you call a doctor who only swims with his t on?
a: A Sturgeon

q: What are Kierkegaard's two favourite fruits?
a: Melon and Broccoli!

q: What do you call a fat Mexican?
a: A Juan-Ton

q: Why did Verizon's mailman get fired?
a: He was losing packets.

q: What did the Mexican doctor tell the Lone Ranger?
a: Estas muriendo. Tu necesitas chemo. Sabe?

q: Why do blondes have bruises around their belly buttons?
a: Because blonde guys are stupid too.

q: What's the bro-iest airport in the US?
a: LAX

q: The girl asks her father "what's the difference between theory and reality"?
a: The father responds "would you fuck a random man for a million dollars"? The daughter replies " well of course"! Father says "ok go ask your mom the same question".  The girl returns and says "mom said for that much money, definitely". The father lets out a long sigh, "well sweetheart, here's the difference.. In theory we're millionaires, but in reality I'm living with a couple of whores".

q: Why did the Mexican push his wife off the building?
a: Te-quil-a

q: What does FIAT stand for?
a: Fix It Again Tony

q: What do you call someone who has sex for spaghetti?
a: A pastatute.

q: What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a dead baby?
a: I don't have a Lamborghini 

q: What do you call a former CIA agent when a winter storm hits?
a: Snowed-in

q: What do astronauts do to host a party?
a: They planet.

q: Did you know diarrhoea is hereditary?
a: It runs in your jeans.

q: What's dirtier then fingering your sister?
a: Finding your dad's wedding ring.

q: Who's your friend who likes to play?
a:  

q: What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mom?
a: Your mom is funny.

q: Why don't they make bouncy houses for adults?
a: You'd spill your drink.

q: What's green, has 6 legs and if it fell from a tree it would kill you?
a: A pool table...

q: What do you call it when an alcoholic stops drinking?
a: A leave of Absinthe.

q: Why do donut shops not hire security?
a: Because Cops go there willingly.  Free security and protection.

q: What do you say to a person at a funeral held at 10 A.M.?
a: Good mourning. 

q: What do you call an Asian driveby?
a: Cap-a-chino

q: What is the favourite part of Halloween for a pedophile?
a: The home delivery.

q: Why did the electric car finish the race early?
a: It had a short circuit.

q: What's a pirate's favorite fast food restaurant?
a: ARRRby's

q: What do you call a train that eats too much?
a: A chew-chew train.

q: What does an orphan and a bottle of champagne have in common?
a: They both lost their pop.

q: Why did the Chemist give up a singing career?
a: He could not hit any of the ketones.

q: How do you know you're talking to a pilot?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: What does Batman get in his drink?
a: Just Ice

q: What do mexicans drink in the morning?
a: Dos Eggys

q: Where is the best place to buy chicken broth?
a: at the stock market

q: Why cant a Gorilla get a job?
a: BECAUSE HE'S BLACK

q: Why did the Kenyans win the marathon?
a: They heard there was water at the end

q: What email service do gay people use?
a: Hotmale.

q: What's a Jawa's favorite salad dressing?
a: ....TAHINI!!!

q: What do you get if you cross a Boxer and a Pug?
a: A pugilist!

q: What did the gay guy say to Pinocchio?
a: Lie to me motherfucker.

q: Did you hear about the straight white male viscount who ruled with an iron fist over one field?
a: He was an oppressive shitlord.

q: Why did the cowboy get a dachshund?
a: Cause he was told to get a long little doggy.

q: Who's the best grammar Nazi?
a: Adolf Hitler's grandmother.

q: Why does government matter?
a: It doesn't.

q: How do you know what kind of Jewish wedding you're at?
a: At an orthodox wedding, the mother of the bride is pregnant. At a conservative wedding, the bride is pregnant. At a reform wedding, the rabbi is pregnant!

q: How do you call a singing PC?
a: a dell

q: My dad just text me, "I'm fleeing the cuntry." I'm like, "Wtf does that mean". His reply?
a: "Your mom."

q: Have you heard the joke from the kid with short attention-span?
a: He didn't even finish his j---

q: What do you call a black man that has three children?
a: A father. 

q: Why does noone listen ever to the guy who talks with his mouth full?
a: He is so misunderstood.

q: Why was the piano teacher arrested?
a: He kept fingering A minor.

q: Lame number joke: Why is 8 scared of 7?
a: Becaauuuussseee 7 8(ate) 9.  You get it huh?

q: What is a British Scholar's favorite store?
a: Finks

q: What do you call the sweat between two rednecks making love?
a: Relative humidity. 

q: What falls first an apple or a black man?
a: An apple because the balackman hangs.

q: Why can't ghosts have babies?
a: They have hollow weenies!

q: What kind of shoes do ninjas wear?
a: sneakers( iknow its old but its nice)

q: Why don't you go down on a girl first thing in the morning?
a: Haven't you ever peeled apart a hot grilled cheese sandwich?

q: What do you give an injured alligator?
a: Gatorade

q: What's the best thing about an Ethiopian?
a: They'll always swallow

q: Why should you never take a swordfish out to dinner?
a: Because you'll get stuck with the bill, and if you don't have money to pay the restaurant will call the cods on you. Fin.

q: Did you hear about the man who lost his left arm and left leg?
a: He was alright.

q: Why are politicians different from prostitutes?
a: With prostitutes, the more money you pay the more you'll get fucked.

q: Which plant talks the most crap?
a: Shiitake mushrooms.

q: Why shouldn't ISIS be destroying ancient Mesopotamian buildings?
a: Because it's frowned upon in Islam to smoke ziggurats.

q: What is brown all around and looks good on a motorcyclist?
a: A coffin.

q: What's the useless skin around a vagina called?
a: A woman.

q: Did you hear that some aquatic mammals escaped from the zoo?
a: It was otter chaos!

q: What do you call Chinese jewelry?
a: Bling blong

q: What do you call a wolf that's aware of its surroundings?
a: Awarewolf 

q: Why was everyone mad after the annual animal race?
a: Because the winner was a cheetah

q: What do Italians eat on Halloween?
a: fettucine afraid-o

q: Who's Bill Cosby's favourite Disney princess?
a: Sleeping Beauty 

q: What do you call a Canadian group of racists?
a: The Ku Kanux Klan.

q: how was copper wire invented?
a: 2 jews found the same penny

q: What's a skeleton's favorite dish?
a: Spare ribs

q: Why do Mac users have such high electricity bills, but low gas bills?
a: They don't have windows.

q: So I asked my wife, were you faking it last night?
a: She said: no I really was asleep. (I heard this from Gazzo on Penn & Teller: Fool Us)

q: What is 90-60-90?
a: Speed while driving past a speed camera.

q: What do you call a teacher who's always late?
a: Mr. Buss

q: Why did the shark go to the doctors?
a: Because he didn't feel very whale

q: Why cant witches get pregnant?
a: Because ghosts have hollow-weenies! Happy halloween :)

q: Have you heard about the homeless assassin?
a: Well... I don't know anything for sure. But I heard he's a roofless killer!

q: Which is heavier, a coin or a ship?
a: Obviously the coin, the coin sinks!

q: what if princess leia went to the dark side?
a: then she would be luke's sithter

q: Have you heard about the new club with the gloryholes?
a: Its just a little hole in the wall.

q: How can you spot a blind man in a nudist camp?
a: Its not hard. 

q: Damn girl, are you a pig?
a: Because your mother looks like a pig. Because you look damn hot bacon in the Sun. Because I want to stuff you like Thanksgiving dinner. . . . More suggestions appreciated

q: What's your favorite genre of music?
a: "Not Metal."

q: What do you call a myth from the middle east?
a: A turban legend

q: What do you call two lonely bastards drinking together?
a: Two bastards.

q: Why does a squirrel swim on its back?
a: To keep its nuts dry.

q: What time is it?
a: Well jimmy, i could tell you what time it is or i could tell you how babys are made said the father. After telling him jimmy was shocked and holy moly i made you read all that crap.

q: What drink did the Karate Master order?
a: Wa-tah! Haha.  I'll leave now... (Sorry if already posted.  I searched a little bit but found nothing.)

q: What did a cyberman say to John Smith?
a: You will be [deleted]

q: What is Worse than Ants in your pants?
a: Uncles

q: Heyy Ladies how are you dressing up for Halloween?
a: Are you taking off your make-up ?

q: Why are so many ghosts alcoholics?
a: Because they love BOOOOoooOOoOoOoooooooze!!

q: How can you tell when a bar is haunted?
a: It's full of Boo's and Spirits.

q: Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?
a: Because the ref was blowing a foul.

q: What did Robin Williams say to the tortilla chip?
a: It's nacho fault.

q: Why do old computers develop so many errors?
a: They're invalids. (Har har) Remember: with proper care and maintenance, your electronic devices will serve you well for many years to come. Reduce landfill; retain your devices.

q: Is your birthday the 10th of October?
a: Because you look like a 10/10!

q: What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
a: Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.

q: Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane?
a: osMoses

q: Why was the ghost sad on Halloween?
a: He ain't have no boo

q: Why do programmers celebrate Christmas on Halloween?
a: Because OCT 31 == DEC 25

q: what is the most confusing day in the ghetto?
a: father's day

q: Why did the short vampire like to gamble?
a: Because the stakes were high!

q: Did you hear that actress got stabbed?
a: That Reese, uhhh, whats her name? Reese ....... "WITHERSPOON?" Nah she got stabbed with a knife.

q: What did one kangaroo say to the other kangaroo?
a: I don't know I don't speak kangaroo.

q: why is rain the best kind of music?
a: because it has amazing drops.

q: What sort of activity is eagle hunting classified as these days?
a: ILLEAGLE activity.

q: What do you call a quadriplegic time traveler?
a: Marty Mcsit

q: What did one plate say to the other plate?
a: Dinners on me!

q: What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes?
a: Nothing, you've already told her twice.

q: What did the woman say to her husband after her mastectomy?
a: I had a joke to cheer you up... but I loss tit

q: How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 5. 1 to screw in the light bulb, and 4 to remark on how grand the old one was. 

q: Why do Nuns always wear the same thing?
a: It's a habit. 

q: Q: How do Chinese people name their babies?
a: A: They throw them down the stairs to see what noise they make. 

q: What noise does a Hebrew train make?
a: Jew jew!

q: What's DJ Khalid's favorite number?
a: 11, because it has another one.

q: Why did the joke on /r/jokes get removed?
a: [removed]

q: What do Hitler and Terry Fox have in common?
a: Neither of them could completely finish a race.

q: What's the difference between a pirate and a necrophiliac?
a: I'm not sure, but they both go out with shovels to find the booty.

q: What do you get when you goose a ghost?
a: A handful of sheet.

q: Why do we call rulers "Your Highness"?
a: because that's what they measure.

q: How do you make a post man sad?
a: Kill his family.

q: What will the sequel to Lake Placid that takes place 50 years later be called?
a: Lake Flaccid 

q: What do you call a quantum physicist's hair style?
a: Schrdinger's cut

q: What do Michael Jackson and McDonald's have in common?
a: They both put their meat in 9 year old buns.

q: What do you call a rotten potato?
a: A dud of a spud.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.

q: How do you keep niggers from hanging in your backyard?
a: Cut the rope.

q: What do you call the place where lesbian Eskimos meet up?
a: A Klondike Bar

q: Why do seagulls fly by the sea?
a: Because if they flew by the bay they'd be bagels.

q: What's Karen Carpenter's Phone Number?
a: 8 nothing, 8 nothing, 8 nothing.....

q: What is the best kind of weed?
a: When I'm weed you ;)

q: When is a fairy NOT a fairy?
a: When its down your pants; then its a goblin!

q: What do you get when you mix an octopus and a Mexican?
a: I don't know, but it sure can wash a lot of dishes.

q: What does a dyslexic klan member hate?
a: Gingers

q: What did the snail say when he jumped on the turtle's back?
a: "Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"

q: How much does a Cockney pay for shampoo?
a: Pantene.

q: What did the former governor of California say after he helped the old lady cross the street?
a: I'm Arnold to assist you.

q: Why do white people think they can say the N word?
a: Because it is the only thing left that still belongs to black people.

q: What do you call a fat alcoholic?
a: A heavy drinker.

q: My 3yo told me this joke Tuesday morning...What do Humu Humu fish say on Halloween?
a: Trigger Treat!!

q: What do Canadian women put behind their ears to attract men?
a: Their ankles!

q: How attractive are skeletons?
a: They're drop dead gorgeous!

q: Why did the computer programmer get stuck in the shower forever?
a: Because the instructions on the shampoo bottle said to "1. Lather  2. Rinse  3. Repeat"

q: What do you call a German virgin?
a: Gdentite

q: A magnet walks into a bar...., what does he order?
a: Nothing... he's still stuck to the entrance.

q: Looking for Texas?
a: Drive east or west on Interstate 70 until you smell shit. Then go south till you run into it 

q: What do you call a fart in the middle of the night? What do you call a fart in the mourning?
a: A midnight snack A hot Breakfast

q: What is something all Hispanic people write in college?
a: An ese.

q: What do you say to your girlfriend with two black eyes?
a: Nothing.  You already told her twice. 

q: What would be a Jew's fighting stance in mortal kombat?
a: Jew jipped you!

q: Why couldn't the expert fisherman get any dates?
a: Because he said he was a master baiter.

q: What was the fat asian rapper's name?
a: Too chinz

q: How did the Norse god of mischief celebrate his birthday?
a: With a low-key event 

q: What do you call cute seeds?
a: Awwwwwwwwwwwwmonds P.S. it's my birthday please love me

q: What is the worst way to ask for a cigarette in San Francisco?
a: "You got a fag I can bum?"

q: Did you hear about the emotional wedding?
a: Even the cake was in tiers!

q: Bras come in sizes A, B, C, etc. So what's the biggest bra?
a: The Zebra.

q: What happened when the 26th letter of the alphabet hit puberty?
a: She got a Zebra.

q: What do you call an Ape cooking a BBQ?
a: A Gorilla

q: Who let the dogs out?
a: Bitches.

q: Which Norse God consistently uses VPNs?
a: Ill give you a hint, he remains very low-key.

q: Did you hear the joke about the dead baby?
a: Argh.. Sorry, I just killed it...

q: Did you see the 75th annual ninja parade in downtown Tokyo?
a: Neither did anyone else...

q: How do you call 4 blacks in a car falling off the cliff?
a: A waste. You could fit 1 more in the trunk.

q: -Do you know what the girls say when the see a large penis?
a: -No? -Well, I do.

q: what's alike about jeffrey dahmer and a taxidermist?
a: they both mount dead things

q: What do you call it when you study the Quran while eating a scoop of vanilla ice cream?
a: Allah mode

q: What's does a cannibal eat for breakfast?
a: Scrambled Legs

q: How do birds kiss?
a: They give a peck to the cheek.

q: Why do Demons and Ghouls hang out together?
a: Because Demons are a Ghouls best friend.

q: What's the first thing a Browser does?
a: Try to kill the Mrario.

q: What is a long distance love?
a: It's when you're in the office, bed is at home and whiskey is in the bar.

q: Ancient egyption Pickup lines?
a: i have a egyption speed datin assignment due and i was just wondering if any of u could just come up with a clever ancient pick up line if u can including aphrodite. thanks for the help!

q: Why Did The Vulcanologist Go To Jail?
a: Because he, basalt-ed someone. Ba

q: Why do you need to carry radioactive materials in sealed, lead containers?
a: To stop it from falling out. 

q: How do you tell X chromosomes from Y chromosomes?
a: You pull down their genes.

q: Why did Steve hate being the youngest clone?
a: Because all his genes were hand me downs.

q: What does an asylum have in common with a squirrel's house?
a: They're both used to store nuts.

q: Why do engineers mix up Halloween and Christmas?
a: Because OCT 31=DEC 25

q: Why is Jesus so bad at hockey?
a: Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards!

q: Where does Muscle Milk come from?
a: Muscle mammary

q: If the Army has chaplains, what does the Navy have?
a: Ship monks.

q: Why does Gru speak with an accent?
a: Because he's Arminion.

q: Has anyone here ever tried Ethiopian food?
a: They haven't either.

q: What did one mushroom say to the other as he passed him on the street?
a: Porta-hello

q: What did one nihilistic dolphin say to the other?
a: "What is life without a porpoise?"

q: How do you ship 100 jews across the country?
a: Put them in a semite-truck.

q: What letter has to wait in line the longest?
a: Q

q: Why don't black people stain white clothes when they pick them up?
a: Their palms are white.

q: How do you sell a chicken to someone who is hard of hearing?
a: HEY! DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN!?!?!

q: What's the difference between Americans and Europeans?
a: For an European 500 Miles is a long distance, for an American 500 years are a long History

q: What vegetable is a bug most afraid of?
a: Stephen Hawking 

q: What do root vegetables do at tha club?
a: Turnip

q: How many Mormons does it take to drink a 12 pack of beer?
a: One if nobody is watching.

q: Did you hear the one about the guy who farted in the Hollow Log?
a: If you would have been at the other end, you would have...

q: Why are elephants so poor?
a: Because they work for peanuts

q: What do Glenn Rhee, Jon Snow, and the Terminator have in common?
a: They'll be back.

q: Why are jews afraid to eat pussy?
a: because its too close to the gas chamber

q: What's an Xbox fanboys' least favourite film?
a: P.S. I Love You

q: Whats the leading cause of pedophilia?
a: Sexy kids

q: What is the hardest part about being a pedophile?
a: fitting in

q: Why couldn't the Dali Lama go out and play with his friends?
a: Because he was grounded.

q: Why should you always invite more than one Baptist on a fishing trip?
a: Because if you only invite one, he'll drink all your beer.

q: What do you do when you see your neighbour staggering in the back yard?
a: Shoot him again. 

q: Why was the poor comedian tubing on a communist river?
a: To strike the Comy-eddy gold!

q: Why did Satan need life alert?
a: Because he had fallen, and could not get back up.

q: How many vegetarians does it take to eat a whole hotdog?
a: Just one, with ten vegetarian hotdogs.

q: What is a Canadian's favorite board game?
a: Sorry!

q: Interviewer: just imagine you are on a 8th floor, it caught fire. How will you escape?
a: Dude: It's very simple, I will stop my imagination

q: What do you call a dumb elephant?
a: Donald Trunk

q: Why do they never serve a beer at math party?
a: Because you can't drink and derive

q: What made the orange stop suddenly?
a: It just ran out of juice.

q: What did the snowman do when he saw a snow blower go by?
a: Pull down his pants.

q: Why did the cannibal stab the chef with a toothpick?
a: To see if he was done cooking.

q: Why did James Bond higher a man with Parkinson's to be his butler?
a: He likes his drinks shaken, not stirred.

q: What is iron-man's gender?
a: Fe-male

q: How is a meditating monk and a fiber-optic cable similar?
a: Total internal reflection.

q: Have you ever traveled in time?
a: How about now?

q: What do Ethiopians and Yoko Ono have in common?
a: They are both living off of dead beatles.

q: What did the critic think of German food?
a: Their sausages are the wurst.

q: Why did the small Egyptian climb to the top of the pyramid?
a: He couldn't see the point.

q: What is white on top and black on the bottom?
a: Society.

q: What do you call a door with no legs?
a: A door.

q: What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles?
a: U.C.L.A

q: What do you call a traitor with a lisp?
a: Judith

q: What did the Mtis people think of the look on Stephen Harper's face when he lost the election?
a: They though it was Riel funny!

q: Which administrative ghost is responsible for auditing all of the incoming/outgoing hauntings?
a: The boo-keeper.

q: How much is the price of sex in New Zealand?
a: About $20 a kilo.

q: How cute does one have to be to make sparks fly?
a: Electro cute

q: What does a French carpenter say when he runs out of nails?
a: I haven't a clous.

q: You know who could really get a party started?
a: Lenin.

q: Why did the crab take the last slice of pizza?
a: Because he's shellfish!

q: How was the Red Sea formed?
a: Over a long period. 

q: What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Skinhead?
a: Someone who comes knocking on your at 8am on a Sunday and tells you to fuck off!

q: Why can't a Mac sing?
a: Because it's not Adele

q: Why was the programmer's code incomprehensible?
a: No comment.

q: what do use to lure really big fish?
a: master bait

q: What kind of music do balloons hate the most?
a: Pop music.

q: Whats the best part of living in Switzerland?
a: Im not too sure either but the flags a big plus.

q: What do cigarettes and pussy have in common?
a: The closer you get to the butt, the more flavor you get.

q: Why did the strawberry take the fig to the movies?
a: Because he couldn't find a date!

q: What do you call a collection of research and papers on a child molester?
a: A pedo file

q: What did the black man get for his son on christmas?
a: Your bike. 

q: How did the cavemen in the far east protect them selves?
a: They Rocked their doors.

q: What do you call a mouse with no balls?
a: Optical.

q: Why are the landmarks in Paris quarantined?
a: Because they are parasites

q: What do you call a drum that causes problems?
a: A conundrum

q: What did "Nock" say to "K"?
a: You can join us, as long as you stay quiet.

q: How does a sailor remove a condom?
a: He farts

q: What do you call a politician with premature ejaculation?
a: A one-pump Trump

q: How do you get Akbar to shut up?
a: Muzzle'm. 

q: How spicy would you like your clairvoyants?
a: Medium.

q: Why do Communists drink herbal tea?
a: Because proper-tea is theft.

q: What do you call a guy who's great at tying flies?
a: A 

q: What does a owl say when it stumps it foot?
a: OOOOOWWWWLLLL....

q: Ever hear the one about the Chinese Godfather?
a: He made him an offer he couldn't understand.

q: What Were Franco's Secret Police Called?
a: The Gazpacho

q: What do you call bagels that can fly?
a: "Plane" Bagels!... I'll show myself out...

q: What do you call an unconscious foot?
a: Coma-toes! (I made up this joke when I was 10.)

q: What do you get when you remove the center board from a wood bridge?
a: A paradox.

q: Why is stephen harper a bad stripper?
a: Because he doesnt do well on the poles

q: What is a Minnesotan's favorite state to vacation in?
a: It's Alaska, don'Juneau.

q: Do you fall for 'click bait'?
a: Yes.

q: What did one sperm say to the other?
a: How are we gonna find an egg in all this shit?!

q: what is Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner's latest award?
a: Tripod of the year.

q: Where was Matthew McConaughey headed in those Lincoln commercials?
a: Dunno but I'm sure he made all rights all rights all rights.

q: What do you call a fat Asian?
a: A chunk

q: What do you call an Indian Pornstar?
a: What do you call an Indian Pornstar? Ramit Baldeep

q: How does Batman's mom call him home for dinner?
a: She doesn't because she's dead. 

q: How did the German dad scold his son for eating too much frozen dessert?
a: QUIT Hagen-Dazs ICE CREAMS!

q: Did you hear about the iguana that couldnt change colour?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction.

q: What did the balding German frau exclaim when her husband left her?
a: Ach! I tink I'm losing mein Herr!

q: What is Long, has two balls and you lift it ?
a: A dumbell

q: What is a hippies favourite type of cigarette?
a: Yours :P 

q: What is the entity responsible of sending lions to space?
a: Mufnasa

q: What's a sheep's favorite type of alcohol?
a: Mutton-schnapps.

q: What did the father say to the pedophile at the beach?
a: "Hey you're in my son"

q: What's the difference between a deaf person and my wife?
a: I don't know.

q: What do you call someone who slaps their siblings daughter?
a: A niece slapper. 

q: What kind of doctor never leaves the hospital?
a: An Oncologist

q: Why did the boy drop his Ice Cream?
a: A: He was hit by a bus

q: What do you get a kid without arms for Christmas?
a: Gloves, but he doesn't know that yet.. since he can't open it.

q: What does a dyslexic Christian worship?
a: Dog

q: Where do Shitposters hang out?
a: ratemypoo.com

q: What do you call a talk on male anatomy?
a: A semenar

q: What was the name of the Indian DJ?
a: Sikh Beats. 

q: What do you call a mentally handicapped lion?
a: a leotard ~ 

q: What does an Asian chicken sound like?
a: Bok Bok Bok CHOY

q: There was 30 cows in a field and 20 8(ate) how many didn't?
a: 10

q: How many physicists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two! one to change the light bulb and the other to rotate the universe!

q: Why did the grinch cross the road?
a: HE HAS TOO MUCH LONGER LEG !!!!

q: Why is a physicist's dream vacation in Alaska?
a: Because of all the cold fission it has. 

q: What did Bobby Mcferrin say to his beer?
a: Don't worry, be hoppy :)

q: Why was the horse kicked out of the country western bar?
a: He was a homosexual. 

q: How many dead-heads does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None.  They just let it burn out and follow it around for twenty years.

q: Why did the black guy get mad at the pirate?
a: He dropped the hard 'arrrrrr.'

q: What's the difference between a robber and a politician?
a: Politicians run BEFORE they steal your money.

q: What do you call a armless, legless man in water?
a: Bob.

q: What do you give Sean Connery when hes eating nachos in a bathtub?
a: Shower Cream

q: Knock knock. - Who is there?
a: A person that likes to tell anti jokes. 

q: Why do hurricanes have women name?
a: Because they take away your house, your car, your furniture and everything you have.

q: How do you know tickle me Elmo is male?
a: Because before he leaves the factory they give him two test tickles.

q: Did you hear about the guy who chugged 8 cokes?
a: He burped 7-Up

q: What do you get when you cross my brain with a cat?
a: A cat.

q: What do the USA and a black hole have in common?
a: They both have a problem with mass incarceration.

q: What do you call a fat rat?
a: enormouse

q: How do you know your local police are South African?
a: They take "To catch a thief, you have to be a thief" literally.

q: What do your girlfriends personality and breasts have in common?
a: They're both flat.

q: What do you call 16 white American people?
a: A full blooded Cherokee

q: What do you get when you drop your frozen waffle at the beach?
a: A San Diego

q: What happens if you feed Link some Speed?
a: .... you get a Hyperlink ...

q: Why can't you have multi-story buildings in China?
a: That would be  wong on so many levels!

q: How does Darth Vader like his milk?
a:  warm

q: What do you say to pasta that gets thrown out?
a: Hasta la pasta baby.

q: What do Kim Kardashian and Hurricane Sandy have in common?
a: They will both blow the entire east coast just to get on TV.

q: Teacher: What is the difference between lightning and electricity?
a: Teacher: What is the difference between lightning and electricity? Alexander: I know  you do not have to pay for lightning.

q: Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
a: Because it looks like you landed face first

q: How does a sloth hang itself?
a: By trying to jump rope.

q: How did the Ethiopian escape prison?
a: He squeezed through the bars.

q: What do you call 10 Ethiopians tied together?
a: A raft

q: Why couldn't Mario ever watch Netflix with Peach?
a: Because the princess was always on another Castle.

q: Why was the Energizer Bunny tried in court?
a: He was charged with battery. 

q: What did Hillary Clinton say to the battered black woman?
a: We've both been beaten by a black guy, let's not let it happen again.

q: Why do pessimists always think it's the weekend?
a: Because every day is a sadder-day.

q: How do you impregnate a nun?
a: You fuck her. 

q: What do you call a super cool assassin?
a: A badassassin.

q: Whats a rapists perfect date?
a: Netflix and kill.

q: Why are sinks depressed?
a: People look down on them.

q: Why do hurricanes always have female names?
a: At first they are wet and wild, but then they take away your car and your house.

q: Windows 7, windows 8, windows 10, Why did they skip 9?
a: Because, 7 8 9...

q: What's the fastest way to ruin free pie?
a: Put the word 'gluten' at the beginning 

q: What do you call a Social Justice Warrior in a society of strippers?
a: The thot police!

q: What is a recently divorced woman's favorite fruit?
a: Mango!

q: What does the base-jumping gardener say?
a: GERANIUM!

q: How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris?
a: Nobody knows because they've never tried

q: Hey girl, are you made of lead?
a: Because you have a plumbum.

q: Hey girl, are you a group of integrable functions?
a: because I would love to find the area under those curves

q: Did you hear about the popcorn that was demoted?
a: He used to be a kernel. 

q: What do you call a wookie in concentration camp?
a: Jewbacca

q: What does Mark Wahlberg eat for breakfast?
a: Funky Bunches of Oats

q: How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool?
a: "Please get out of the swimming pool"

q: Have you heard about the Dead Sea?
a: I didn't even know it was sick

q: Why does skrillex suck at fishing?
a: He always drop the bass.  sorry

q: Do I look like a fan to you?
a: Because you seem so much cooler when I'm around.

q: Whats the difference between a baby and a 10g of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldnt let a bag full of cocaine fall off the window

q: How do you know humans can't reincarnate as insects?
a: You've ever gotten one bug bite not on your crotch (or tits).

q: What do you get when you cross Tumblr with anything?
a: A bunch of offended Tumblrinas 

q: Have you heard of the joke about the broken coinfactory?
a: It doesn't make cents

q: Why is Santa's sack so big?
a: Because he only comes once a year

q: What do you call it when frankenstein's monster's wife gets her period?
a: Her monstrual cycle

q: You know how I can prove Jesus wasn't black?
a: Because the body of Christ was a cracker!

q: Why is King Arthur seen as the Father of England?
a: Because he came-alot 

q: Why did the pop star die of hypothermia?
a: Because he had too many fans! (thanks George - aged 8)

q: Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction.

q: Why did Taco Bell hire Eminem?
a: Because he's a Wrap God

q: Why is Alabama the worlds biggest sandwich?
a: Because the whole state is inbred

q: What does a Mexican do when their cake is insulted?
a: Retorta

q: What happened to the Mexican after he took heroin for the third time?
a: He over 'd      

q: What the difference between the titanic and climate change?
a: Climate change beat the ice berg 

q: What's the best part about sleeping with twenty five year olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: What were the French children doing in the pool?
a: Piscine.

q: What letter do pirates guess most often on Wheel of Fortune?
a: T. Modern pirates are most likely based in Somalia, and T is the most common consonant in the Somali Latin alphabet.

q: Want to piss off a female archeologist?
a: Show her a used tampon and ask what period it's from. Wakka wakka!

q: Why did the chickens cross the road?
a: Because they were Turkish.

q: Why did 20 blondes stand outside the bar?
a: Because you need to be 21 to get in.

q: What's the favourite toy of Turkish rulers?
a: Beyblades.

q: What do scientists say when they meet each other?
a: Hydrogen Iodide

q: Why do most men die before their wives?
a: Because they want to

q: What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
a: Erotic is when you use a feather, kinky is when you use the whole chicken

q: If Ebenezer Scrooge were a sheep, what kind of hat would he wear?
a: A Baa-Homburg! 

q: What do you call a transformer in a canoe?
a: A row bot

q: What do you have left after you burn a French alphabet?
a: H Edit: I don't like explaining jokes but since the first guy didn't get I might as well: When pronounced in a French accent it sounds like ash.

q: Where do the Japanese store defective mannequin feet?
a: In bent-toe boxes.

q: Where would you park your camel?
a: The Camelot.  PS Booze helped with this and now I'm laughing alone in my apartment Edit: Went to class, came back, saw this. Me and my cat are thoroughly pleased.

q: What happened to when the coke bottle was ran over by the steam roller?
a: He was soda pressed.

q: What do you call someone who is skilled with their mouth?
a: A cunning linguist. 

q: Why don't biology and physics get on?
a: They lack chemistry. 

q: How do you start a baby shower?
a: Throw it into a wood chipper.

q: Did you hear about the guy who died to a bear?
a: They were listening to some Tune-as, but the music was so bad and un-bear-able that the man pawsd the track.  The bear was so furry-ous that he attacked the man.  He met a grizzly end.  

q: Whats Your Favorite Color?
a: Solve the quiz or die.

q: What do you call two ordinary ghosts?
a: Paranormals.

q: What's Michael J Fox's favorite song?
a: Shake It Off

q: You hear about the bodybuilder who got Alzheimer's?
a: Poor guy can't remember squats.

q: Did you hear about the wimp at the seafood buffet?
a: He tried to pull an oyster from the serving tray, but ended up pulling a mussel.

q: What Do You Call A Person Who Hates Everyone?
a: A 4chan!

q: What do you call a Muslim organization that rejects Muhammed?
a: A non-prophet 

q: Whats the longest running Canadian joke?
a: Terry Fox

q: What's wrong with the phrase "War on Drugs"?
a: Wars end.

q: Who invented schools and teaching?
a: Ed. U. Cation!

q: What did Pac-Man say when he almost got run over?
a: I'm Waka-Waka-Waka-Walking here!

q: What's the best thing to do when your tinder date never shows?
a: Netflix and Jill

q: Have you heard the joke about the Butter?
a: I better not tell you, You Might spread it!!!

q: Have you heard that HPV had spread to birds?
a: It has caused multiple cases of aviary cancer.

q: What do you call an elephant/rhino mix?
a: Elephino

q: What is the similarity of pizza and your parents?
a: If they are black you will not eat tonight!  (Sorry if this racist joke caused any offence)

q: What pizza chain does Michael J. Fox drive for?
a: No, not Shakey's you insensitive person. Besides having a crippling disability rendering him unable to drive without risk of damage to the pizza, he is also a B-list celebrity worth many hundreds of thousands of dollars. 

q: What do you call a philosopher that kind of wants to play soccer?
a: Socrates

q: How does a french alcoholic greet someone?
a: "Enchantr."

q: What happens when you eat too much seafood?
a: You begin to feel a little eel. 

q: How do you make music by releasing fish?
a: You drop the bass.

q: What do termites put on their toast?
a: Door jamb.

q: Why did the drill instructor squirt condiments on his trainees in the morning?
a: That's how he mustard the troops.

q: What's John Cena's favourite part of the sunset?
a: The CENAry

q: Do your Dads know your straight?
a: I am not homophobic, this is for all the 11 year olds on reddit.

q: Why does a montonegran man keep a chair next to his bed?
a: So he can have a rest after he gets tired from waking up.

q: What did Michael J. Fox's dad say when Michael J. Fox tried to parallel park?
a: "Watch the Parking son."

q: What looks like grass but is red?
a: grass, i lied about the red part

q: What's black and all over the place?
a: Michael J Fox's signature.

q: What do you call the space between Pamela Anderson's breasts?
a: Silicon Valley.

q: Why were the German tomatoes drunk?
a: Because they'd been on the vine.

q: What does a polite Southerner call a golden shower?
a: Cuntrytime Lemonade 

q: What language do pigs speak?
a: Depends on which country they're from.

q: How many potatos does it take to kill an Irishman?
a: None.....

q: Why did Nike release a vine of the "Back to the Future" Power Lace shoes??
a: Because the pictures were way to shaky......

q: Why do you need sauce with sausages?
a: Well if you didn't have the sauce then sausages would just be "a jizz"

q: How do you tell if your girlfriend's ticklish?
a: You give her a test tickle.

q: Why are most Hotwheel cars Ford?
a: So people can grow up getting used to pushing a Ford.

q: What's Magneto's favorite type of music?
a: Heavy Metal!

q: What do you call a pair of eyeglasses that questions its surroundings?
a: Skepticles.

q: What is Jabba the Hutt's favorite snack?
a:  mmmmmmmm

q: Did you hear about the midget psychic on the run from the law?
a: They were a small medium at large

q: Why did all the gay people in china go out to vote?
a: They thought it was erection day

q: Q: How many buddhists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: A: Three - one to change it, one to not-change it and one to both change-and not-change it.

q: What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians?
a: One hundred people who don't do dick.

q: What's Piccolo's preferred type of car?
a: DODGE!!!

q: What is the difference between a robot and a sandwich?
a: Everything. These two objects have nothing in common.

q: Whats a Pirates favorite letter?
a: Ya'll think it's the Arrr but it be the Ceeee 

q: Did you download the new Jewber app?
a: It doesn't allow you to tip

q: Why does rain make people sad?
a: Because they're in a depression.

q: Do you know why the guy who picks up medical waste from the vet drives a car shaped like a dog bone?
a: He likes to drive the dog's nuts. 

q: How many Roman pirates does it take to change a light bulb?
a: I I

q: What are those hats called?
a: So a guy goes up to a Rabbi and says, "Excuse me Rabbi, but this has been bothering me all day. What are those little hats that Jewish men wear called?" "Yarmulka", says the Rabbi. "God bless you," says the guy, "but seriously tell me about the hats or this is gonna buy the he'll out of me!"

q: What's the easiest part about eating Jews for dinner?
a: They're pre cooked

q: You know why fish are so smart?
a: They live in a school

q: What are mountain men famous for?
a: Mountain women.

q: What is the most pirated movie ever?
a: Arrrrrrrgo

q: How do you call a lesbian's pussy?
a: The no man's land. (From me, but that's an easy one, so someone must have come up with it before. But as a frenchman, I'm pretty proud of it.)

q: What's the difference between America and yoghurt?
a: If you leave yoghurt alone for long enough it develops its own culture

q: What do you call an exceptionally smart Native American?
a: IndiGENIUS

q: Why does a blonde woman close her eyes in front of the mirror?
a: To see how she looks like when sleeping.

q: Why don't north Koreans listen to funk?
a: Cos they've got no Seoul! Thank you very much.

q: Why do jews drive so fast?
a: Because the bank closes in 5 minutes!

q: What do you call an underwater masochist?
a: A submarine!

q: What side dishes did Jesus eat at the last supper?
a: Peas and hominy.

q: Did you hear about the helicopter that crashed in the graveyard?
a: So far the police have found over 300 dead bodies.

q: What was Forrest Gump's email password?
a: 1forrest1

q: When in Canada, what is Bruce Lee's favorite vegetable?
a: Carrot-eh

q: What did the farmer say when he found dynamite in one of his cows?
a: This is a bomb in a bull.

q: What do you call it when two pedophiles get into a car accident?
a: A sex-offender bender!

q: How much of the First Nations vote did Stephen Harper get?
a: Nunavut.

q: What is a duck's favorite drug?
a: Quack.

q: What did one ox say to another ox?
a: A yoke. 

q: What's the trick to satisfying your wife or girlfriend with only 3.5 inches?
a: Visa or Mastercard? 

q: Why is it OK to wash an American flag in hot water?
a: Because these colors don't run.

q: Who was the first mathematician?
a: A concave man

q: Why can't Keanu Reeves eat his soup?
a: There is no spoon

q: Know why everyone likes bananas?
a: They got a lot of   Huh? Huh?

q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea, not the bay?
a: If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels :D

q: What do you call a Knight that cuts beef?
a: Sir Loin.

q: Hey girl, are you my math homework?
a: Because I want to do you on the table

q: Why did 2Pac go to the gym?
a: To get a 6Pac! -7th grade me

q: What's the one movie that Rick Astley won't let you borrow?
a: He's never gonna give you Up.

q: Who make great murderers?
a: Photographers.

q: Can anybody share something nice about Switzerland?
a: Well, their flag is a big plus

q: What is white and goes up?
a: A stupid snowflake  

q: Why does Waldo always wear stripes?
a: Because he doesn't want to be spotted.

q: What happens when a feminist and a sociopath date?
a: I need a punchline for a joke.....What happens when a feminist and a sociopath date? OK GO! 

q: What are renal doctors good at?
a: ANALysis 

q: How to pass a very difficult exam?
a: Change your name to time, time always passes no matter what

q: How does a police officer go to the bathroom?
a: Ctrl+C

q: What did the pirate say when he saw a woman giving head?
a: There she blows!!!

q: How many tickles do you give an octopus?
a: TENtickles 

q: Why should one masturbate while calling Comcast customer support?
a: Because getting fucked in the asshole when you are not horny feels awful 

q: What do a homeless woman and an American football player have in common?
a: They both take their pads off after four periods

q: How do you call mosquitoes where you live?
a: We don't. They just come unwanted

q: What was the first 3D printer?
a: Your butthole! *** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach.

q: What do you call a sad strawberry?
a: A blueberry

q: What do you call a fusion between Batman and Superman?
a: The krypton-knight.

q: Damn girl, are you a 48-pack of frozen corn dogs?
a: Because I thought it would last forever.

q: How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh?
a: Ten tickles 

q: What happened when the cheese factory exploded?
a: Debrie everywhere.

q: Damn girl are you a Scientology Church?
a: Because after I come inside you I'm going to be thoroughly disappointed and end up paying large sums of money for the rest of my life just to leave.

q: What did Mr. Freeze call himself when he joined Batman's fight against criminals?
a: The Dark Knightrogen

q: Does anyone know how to get make-up off a dog?
a: Asking for a friend, she's a bitch. 

q: Do you know what I hate most about Reddit?
a: [deleted] EDIT: Yes! That's the joke!

q: Why did the Crip cross the road?
a: Cuz.

q: What do you call a Greek guy walking down the stairs?
a: Con-Descending 

q: What does modern horror films and the 2000 presidential election have in common?
a: It's Al Gore

q: Why did the skeleton go alone to prom?
a: Because he had   to go with.

q: What do you call a greedy roman god?
a: Jewpiter.

q: What's the difference between my ex and my toaster?
a: It only takes 120 volts to turn on my toaster.

q: Hey US sports fans of reddit, did you know you can play fantasy sports for money online?
a: Can't recall where I saw that.. 

q: What's a zombies favorite exercise?
a: Deadlifts 

q: What's grey and can't fly?
a: A parking lot. 

q: Why does a flamingo stand on one leg?
a: If it didn't stand on any, it would fall over. 

q: Why did the chick cross the road?
a: To get to the other side. Why did the chicken want to get to the other side? To get to the bar. Why did the chicken want to get to the bar? To get to the bathroom. Why did the chicken want to get to the bathroom? Cause that's where all the cocks hang out!

q: Hey girl, do you like trucks?
a: Cause I got a semi.

q: What's the fastest thing in Bulgaria?
a: Light

q: Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?
a: A: She can't find the eleven.

q: What is the worst way for a donkey to die?
a: ass-phyxiation

q: What was Will Smith's occupation before he was an actor?
a: He was a blacksmith

q: Did you hear about the whale that went to the party?
a: He was killer.

q: What do rednecks do on halloween?
a: Pumpkin

q: What do you call a black hitchhiker?
a: Stranded.

q: How many times should you check whether a sentence is written in English or Spanish?
a: Once.

q: What's the sound of a one-handed corpse clapping?
a: Dead silence. What's the sound of a one-handed zombie clapping? Undead silence. Thanks to my gaming group for those.

q: Did you hear about the bread store that burned down?
a: I think all of their products are toast.

q: What type of bees make milk...?
a: Boo-bees!

q: What do you call the kids claiming "We don't need no education"?
a: Comfortably Dumb

q: Why do all Jewish guys have purple penises?
a: Because they're all tight-fisted wankers!

q: Why is Lamar Odom so much fun...?
a: Because, he's just dying to party.

q: How do Jedis close their programs on a Mac?
a: They use Force quit.

q: Why wouldn't Hannibal Lecter eat clowns?
a: Because they tasted funny.

q: How do depressed people lighten' up?
a: They drink bleach.

q: What do you say upon hearing a bad Halloween joke?
a: Booooooo, Booooooo

q: What does Michael J Fox do when his son parks in his space?
a: He Park in son's space

q: What happens after Amy Chua?
a: Amy Swallowa.

q: What does a vegan ghost eat?
a: Supernatural food. 

q: What do you say to a Jewish New Zealander?
a: Hee brew

q: Where do the Mexican truckers hang out?
a: The guay station. 

q: What did Nietzsche tell his editor when he finished writing Thus Spoke Zarathustra?
a: It's over, man.

q: Hey girl, are you a fan?
a: Because you're obsessive and loud

q: Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder?
a: He made a spectacle of himself...

q: What do you call it when batman skips church?
a: Christian Bail

q: How many angels can a pinhead dance on?
a: To hold up their pants.

q: Why couldn't the radish finish the race?
a: He was just a little beet.

q: What do you call a Tumblr user who identifies as a device which inflates a tire?
a: A pumpkin! 

q: Why was Han solo so suspicious after sticking his dick in Princess Leia for the first time?
a: ...it was Luke warm.

q: How do you get Holy Water?
a: You put water in a pot and boil the HELL out of it.

q: What do you call a cylinder with a GED?
a: A graduated cylinder

q: How do you surprise a blind man?
a: Stick a plunger in the toilet 

q: What was the title of the soundtrack to 'The Inconvenient Truth'?
a: Al Gore Rhythms

q: What do you call an overweight homosexual?
a: Jigglypuff.

q: What do you call the teacher who's late?
a: Mister bus

q: What do rednecks do for Halloween?
a: Pump-kin

q: Did you know Bonnie Tyler has released a cardiology DVD?
a: It's Totally Clips of the Heart.

q: What's black and screaming?
a: Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

q: Why did the storm trooper decide to buy an iPhone?
a: Because he couldn't find the right droid he was looking for.

q: What's Whitney Houstons favourite kind of co-ordination?
a: Haaand eeeeeeyeeee

q: What do you call a tick on the moon?
a: A lunatic.

q: How tall was Hitler?
a: This tall.

q: How do you get a horse out of jail?
a: Hay bail.

q: What do you call a punctual urban garden gnome?
a: A metrognome.

q: What did the umpire say when Randy Johnson hit a bird with his pitch?
a: Fowl ball.

q: Why'd the short man take the elevator up?
a: He was feeling down

q: So girl on a scale of 1 to America how free are you tonight?
a: North Korea. 

q: Why dont you ever see hippopotamus hiding in trees?
a: Because they're really good at it. 

q: What do you call a sad tree?
a: Mourning wood

q: Whats the best thing about duct tape?
a: It turns NO! NO! NO! into MMM MMM MMM

q: What did the Mexican firefighter name his two sons?
a: Jos and Josb

q: What do you call a Mexican who can't find his vehicle?
a: Carlos.

q: Did Y'all Hear About the Cutlery Salesman Who Got in an Accident?
a: There was a fork in the road.

q: What do you call a man with no legs?
a: You call him by his fucking name what's wrong with you

q: How many Ukrainians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: They don't need to, they glow in the dark...

q: Why can't the train lady have a baby?
a: Because she's miss carriaged.

q: What do you get when you cross a dove and a serpent?
a: A Christian...

q: Is there a month between April and June?
a: May be

q: Why were people angry wen the chiken crossed the rd?
a: Cus he looked one way, then another way after.

q: Damn girl are you the meta?
a: 'Cause I really didn't need this cumback.

q: How do we know Jesus was a man?
a: We've had to wait 2,000 years for his second coming.

q: How come Jesus didnt play hockey?
a: He kept getting nailed to the boards!

q: What's black and white and red allover?
a: My dalmatian after being hit by a car

q: What kind of shoes do bears wear?
a: None because they go barefoot.

q: What did the dyslexic chemist do?
a: He drank H20, too!

q: What do you use when you go fishing for nudes on the internet?
a: A boober!

q: What was the slogan for the cross-dresser's party?
a: Eat, drink, and be Mary.

q: How do you get a one armed Canadian out of a tree?
a: Wave to him!

q: Why did Hitler like his Adidas's?
a: They were made by his distant relative.

q: What do you get when you cross the Queen and Prince Charles?
a: Dead in a tunnel. 

q: What's the difference between saying sorry and apologizing?
a: You can say sorry at a funeral.

q: What picture does a cup get when it goes to prison?
a: A MUGshot.

q: What is the most commonly heard four-letter word in a whorehouse?
a: "Next!"

q: How do alien hunters keep from oversleeping?
a: They SETI their alarm-y

q: What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public?
a: A Private Tutor.

q: Did you hear about the curbs going on strike?
a: They're lining the streets in protest

q: What does a Pirate say when he turns 80?
a: Ayyyeeeee mmmaattteeeyyy.

q: Why do astronauts bring their phone into space?
a: Because they can get 4g

q: Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
a: They each got six months

q: What do you get when you put a flight stick in an egg?
a: A yoke. 

q: Hey, bud. Who's Charles Foster Kane's favourite character in Titanic, bud?
a: It's Rose, bud.

q: Who do you call for the console police?
a: WiiU

q: Why was the United Nations concerned when the waitress dropped the platter on Thanksgiving?
a: It meant the fall of Turkey, the ruin of Greece, and the breakup of China.

q: Why couldn't Jesus play marbles?
a: Because they kept falling through his hands.

q: What pets think about their owners?
a: A dog: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... He is God. A cat: He feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter...  I am God.

q: What's a cheetah's favorite food?
a: Fast Food!!!  ...  I'll see myself out.   Credit goes to Safari Animals Oatmeal by Quaker.  

q: How many babies does it take to open a door?
a: Depends how hard you throw them. 

q: Which hand did Henry VIII use to wipe his bottom with?
a: Anne Boleyn's.

q: What do you call a gamer girl on her period?
a: Red ring of death.

q: Where does Eskimo-Senpai live?
a: In the tsundra.

q: What a common problem with r/jokes and FedEx?
a: Delivery

q: What did the lonely ghost do at 2 in the morning?
a: He made a booo-ty call

q: What's a slave's favorite type of music?
a: House

q: Where does a knight go to get his armor?
a: The hard-wear store

q: What did San Andreas said to the Earthquake?
a: This is all your fault!

q: How is Ducktape like the Force?
a: It has a Dark Side, a Light side and it binds everything the galaxy together. Edit:Duct Tape I know, I was tired

q: Who's the most popular guy on a nude beach?
a: The one who shows up with a dozen donuts and two cups of coffee.

q: What's the difference between white socks and red socks?
a: (Students will most likely answer the color)  Then you say, "yes, that's one difference but there's another:  The White Sox play in Chicago and the Red Sox play in Boston!

q: Which joke has the maximum HOT Nuns in it?
a: You don't know none.. And here to learn one.. So when you are with your friends.. Or walking with your son.. Tell them reddit jokes.. thinking now they would listen... (to you) play it cool, play it slow.. No need to blow.. Take this further, take this far.. till sang by a star. (Improvise it as you like, don't care about the grammar. No rapper does.)

q: What do you call a bra designed for neutrois?
a: Ze-bra

q: What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere?
a: Trespassers 

q: Did you hear about the Irish firing squad?
a: They formed a circle. 

q: Why did the janitor file for a divorce?
a: He found his wife sweeping with someone else. 

q: Teacher - if my cup is half full, what does that mean?
a: Student - that you need a smaller bra! 

q: Did you hear that the guys from "The Expendables" are doing a movie about classical composers?
a: Arnold Schwarzenegger has already signed up, and said "I'll be Bach."

q: Why is almond milk called almond milk?
a: Because nobody would drink it if it was called nut juice.

q: Why don't cows smoke weed?
a: The steaks would just be too high.

q: What is the opposite of a meme?
a: A youyou

q: Did you hear about a vampire that joined the Nazi party?
a: He was nazi in the mirror as well. 

q: How many Bill Cosbys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one but every time he does he causes a blackout.

q: Son, do we have any dop Ted?
a: son: what's a "dop Ted"? dad: you are, you are adopted!!  son: ... Nice one dad. dad: I'm not your dad. (Dad joke at its finest, credit: Kris Wilson)

q: Where did the zombie go on his night out?
a: To the st  club.

q: If the women with big boobs work at hooters... where do the women with only one leg work?
a: Ihop.

q: how long does it take for a woman to reach orgasm?
a: who cares?

q: How many cats can you fit in a smart car?
a: None, you can't get any pussy in a smart car.

q: In what situation would you need Nancy to come out of the ground?
a: in an emergenancy

q: Why does the KKK hate bowling?
a: Because a black ball knocks over white pins with red necks.

q: Why are the streets in Paris lined with trees?
a: So the German soldiers can march in shade.

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and a notebook?
a: A notebook has papers. -I'll see myself out now 

q: What's your birth certificate?
a: An apology from the condom factory! 

q: What do you call a Jew that can fly?
a: Smoke

q: How does our solar system organize a party?
a: They Planet

q: How can a mouse kill an elephant?
a: Whispering to an elephant: " I'm pregnant with you"

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Budweiser. Budweiser who?
a: Budweiser your mother naked?

q: What do you call an Irish gay couple?
a: Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichaeal 

q: What do you call an elderly nun riding a scooter?
a: Virgin Mobile.

q: Do you know what a Pokemon is?
a: A Jamaican proctologist

q: Why did Hitler like blind people?
a: Because they can not see.

q: Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: Why are white girls always tired?
a: Because they've literally been running around all day

q: Why are Michael J. Fox's milkshakes the best?
a: He uses the best ingredients Stay classy ;)

q: Why are softball games so hard to follow?
a: Because everyone secretly plays for the other team. 

q: Are your parents bakers?
a: Cause youre inbread.

q: Did you know Canada was initially spelled Cnd?
a: But when they pronounced  it, the word came out "C-eh" "N-eh" "D-eh"

q: What is a prostitute's favorite vegetable?
a: Whore's radish.

q: Have you heard the Eric Garner joke?
a: It's so funny I can't breathe  Edit: Woah gold, thank you kind stranger :D

q: What is Lil' John's favorite exercise?
a: Squats, squats, squats squats, squats squats, squats, squats, squats squats. Everybody!

q: What do you call people who immigrate to Sweden?
a: Artificial Swedeners

q: Did you hear about the zombie that went vegan?
a: He called his decision a no-brainer

q: What's the name of a musical collaboration between Shia LaBeouf and a Judge?
a: A just duet.

q: What do you call a Scotsman with gas after a dodgy curry?
a: Bravefart

q: How will an IT guy fix a lamp?
a: He'll restart the nuclear power plant

q: What kind of meth do nerds like?
a: Xbox SmartGlass

q: What's the difference between a Priest and Pimples?
a: Pimples don't come on your face until you're at least 13.

q: Why couldn't OP make it as a standup comedian?
a: Poor delivery.

q: What's an Impressionist's favorite condiment?
a: Manet's.

q: How many transgender people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one. But they have to sit in the dark room for a year, first, to make sure that the lightbulb is   out.

q: What's the difference between a car tire and 365 blowjobs?
a: One's a Goodyear... and one's a   year.

q: What does Bruce Lee drink when he's thirsty?
a: Wa-TAH!

q: Why do engineering majors refer to themselves "engineers"?
a: You don't see literature majors calling themselves Starbucks baristas

q: Why Is there a little angel on top of the Christmas tree?
a: Many years ago, on Christmas Eve, everything went wrong at the North Pole. Mrs Claus was on the rag, the reindeer had the runs, the elves were on strike and Rudolph hit the bottle pretty hard. Santa was pretty pissed-off and about to explode when the little angel walked in with a freshly cut spruce tree. -- where do you want me to put the tree, Santa? the little Angel asked. Santa exploded:  And this is why there is a little angel at the top of the Christmas tree...

q: Did you hear they removed the essay portion from the SAT?
a: Now it's just called the T

q: What's a young monkey's favorite time of the school day?
a: Rhesus.

q: How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one. All he has to do is hold it in place while the world revolves around him.

q: What do you call a Mexican little person?
a: A paragraph because he isn't a full ese (essay)...

q: Did you hear about the birthday party thief?
a: I've seen some pretty crazy people at parties, but this guy definitely takes the cake 

q: What do you call a French boy wearing Sandals?
a: Phillip Phillop Friends and I thought of this in French class today.

q: What's the difference between Lamar Odom and a hooker?
a: A hooker can wash her crack and reuse it.

q: Why did the square breakup with the circle?
a: She wasn't edgy enough!

q: Why are divorces so expensive?
a: Because they are worth it!

q: Do you know why Petyr's last name is Baelish?
a: Because he is the liege of Baes.         

q: What a few black wolves and a classic musician have in common?
a: The two are Wolfgang.

q: What do you call a slutty UPS driver?
a: A mail escort

q: Why does Stevie Wonder smile all the time?
a: No one told him he's black.

q: Why didn't the oyster have any friends?
a: He was shellfish.  Woo! Been thinking for days trying to come up with some OC to blast your brains with.

q: What do you call an online correspondence with a transvestite?
a: She-mail. 

q: When's sex not work?
a: When it's for play.

q: What did the roach say after a series of disappointing hotel stays?
a: This is my last resort.

q: What is the difference between a feminist and a machist?
a: The second lacks the hypocrisy of the first.

q: What do biographers and serial killers have in common?
a: Multiple life sentences.

q: Which vitamine are feminists missing?
a: D

q: What do you call two Korean lovers?
a: Seoulmates

q: Did you hear about the first time Alexander The Great went to a brothel?
a: He came, he saw, he came.

q: What runs, but never sprints?
a: Inherited obesity

q: Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
a: Acne doesnt come on a boys face until hes 13.

q: What does an Ethiopian eat for breakfast?
a: sand.

q: What is a cucumber and a dolphin doing in the same room?
a: Sushi

q: You know what's funny about Asians?
a: You don't know whether they're awake or asleep. (   )

q: Urban babushka, why can't I use GPS?
a: Because you a GLONASS man!

q: What did the dumb Electrical Apprentice say to the journeyman?
a: I conduit 

q: [moved] and [removed] were in a boat. [moved] fell out. Who was left?
a: [deleted]

q: Why was the little strawberry sad?
a: Her mommy was in a jam.

q: What does the bumper sticker say on Caitlyn Jenner's car?
a: My Other Penis is a Vagina

q: How does a queen get around her kingdom?
a: She gets throne.

q: What do you call a single man who doesn't masturbate?
a: A liar.

q: What's the difference between Americans and ice cream?
a: Ice cream fits in a tub. 

q: If you had a donkey and it bit off my rooster's legs, what do you have?
a: Two feet of my cock in your ass.

q: Why did the Hydroxyl molecule blow up the US Mint?
a: It was a Free Radical.

q: What's a shrimp boat captain's favorite drink?
a: Hi-C

q: What do you call a sarcastic abyss?
a: A sar-chasm.

q: How do you change the number of sides on a Pentagon?
a: Intersect it with a plane.

q: What do you call books about orange juice?
a: Q: What do you call books about orange juice? A: 

q: What was the root of the problem dark ages?
a: The potato famine.

q: What do you call it when a Dinosaur can't perform in bed?
a: A reptile dysfunction. Thank high me for that one.

q: Why does the dog lick his balls ?
a: Because he can.

q: What do you get when you cross Tom Cruise with nails?
a: A cruiseifixion. 

q: What does a cell that's full of shit do?
a: Lyse.

q: You guys wanna hear a miscarriage joke?
a: Wait, it would probably come out wrong...

q: How do you know that you are dating a french horn player?
a: How do you know that you are dating a french horn player? Because when you kiss them they shove their fist up your butt

q: What's a disulfide bond's favourite holy site?
a: The cysteine chapel! 

q: Why did I break up with my vegan girlfriend?
a: She refused to swallow animal by-products.

q: What happens when a sweatshop gets busted?
a: The entire outfit is compromised. 

q: What do you call a teacher that doesn't fart in public?
a: A private tooter

q: What are Mario's pants made of?
a: DENIM DENIM DENIM

q: Why did the horse stumble?
a: He was de-stable-ized.

q: How do you call a car enthusiast who's interested in bikes?
a: Bike-curious

q: What does a suicidal man say to a suicidal girl?
a: Hey, wanna hang?

q: What's it like being bipolar?
a: It has its ups and downs. 

q: Why are frogs happy?
a: Because they eat what bugs them.. Source: 3rd grader told me this joke..

q: why do men like boobs?
a: boobs are just basically fat. if you like fat go out with a fat chick

q: Did to hear about the man with a cold who bought gold tissues?
a: He blew a fortune!

q: What did one butt cheek say to the other butt cheek?
a: If we stick together we can stop this crap!

q: What is Link's favorite Final Fantasy character?
a: Zell, duh!

q: Why do pencils shave?
a: To look sharp.   Credit: 3rd grade me.

q: Did you hear about the dispensary that was selling suppositories?
a: It turns out they were just blowing smoke up everyone's ass. 

q: What's the best benefit of working for ISIS?
a: early retirement

q: How can you tell if a black girl is pregnant?
a: You stick a chicken wing up her vagina and it comes out clean.  

q: What did they give the guy who invented the doorknocker?
a: A no-bell prize

q: Hey girl, are you Karma?
a: ...because Karma is a bitch.

q: What's grey, has four legs, howls at the moon, and eats cement?
a: A wolf. I threw in the cement to make it hard.

q: What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
a: Get in, Robin. 

q: How do scientists develop chewing gum flavors?
a: Through ex-spear-i-mints.

q: What do you call Mr. LaBeouf when he converts to Islam?
a: Shi'a LaBeouf

q: What do you call a Polish chicken stuck in a tree?
a: Poll tree!

q: Why do girls wear so much make-up and perfume?
a: Because they're ugly and they stink.

q: What happens when so-and-so step in the neutrino's urine?
a: He develops LEPTONspirosis.

q: How do you say "touchdown" in Polish?
a: Gronkowski

q: Did you hear about the arms dealer who's giving away M18 Claymores with every purchase?
a: Oh, I'm gonna get mines.

q: Girl, is your name Hoover?
a: Cuz damn!

q: What do you get when you combine a dill pickle and a doughnut?
a: a dildo

q: What are your best corny jokes?
a: I want them all! "What's brown and sticky?" "A stick."

q: You know what's funny?
a: Not me

q: Why didn't Harry Potter want to date Hermione?
a: Because he likes to Hit it and Quidditch

q: What did the cow is standing all alone in a field say?
a: Where are the udders? (Thanks to my three boys for that one!)

q: How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Hella

q: How old is Cam Brain?
a: As old as trilobites.  

q: Whats the most common day to get sick on?
a: Achoosday

q: What does a landmine field and my pet friendly apartment complex have in common?
a: It doesn't matter where you step, shit is about to happen

q: Where's the best place to hide an elephant?
a: Dad: Where is the best place to hide an elephant? Me: I don't know, behind a big rock? Dad: In a tree silly.  Me: In a tree? Dad: When's the last time you saw an elephant in a tree?

q: What is long, hard, and full of seamen?
a: A submarine 

q: What's the most prominent religion in Canada?
a: Jemima's Witnesses.

q: What do you get when you mix yoga and scouting?
a: Concentration camps.

q: How many Comcast customer service agents does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: ... Is the lightbulb plugged in sir?

q: Q: What do you cast a containment device out of element 28 in?
a: A: MOVIES!

q: Why did the hillbillies save some doe?
a: Because they knew it would give them a buck in good time.

q: What's the difference between a bass player and a large pizza?
a: A pizza can feed a family of four.

q: Did u hear about the prostitute with no legs?
a: She's selling it for half off.

q: Why did the scarecrow receive a prize?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field.

q: Whats the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo?
a: one's really heavy and the others a little lighter!

q: Why is hay so unreliable?
a: It keeps baleing

q: Why doesn't Gandalf dress as a pimp for Halloween?
a: So people do not take him as a conjurer of cheap tricks.

q: Why did the hipster salmon not get to breed?
a: He didnt use the main stream

q: An invisible bomb was just invented, what do you call it?
a: A newclear bomb.

q: What do you call a long bike ride with a bunch of cheap wine?
a: Le Tour de Franzia

q: What's the best part about sleeping with a Cubs fan?
a: They're used to disappointment.

q: Why is Columbus a slang term for cocaine in Native American communities?
a: Because it's white and kills them.

q: What do you call phrases that Jews often say?
a: Judaisms.

q: what's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest?
a: acne waits until your 13 to come all over your face 

q: What is Tom Selleck's public relations firm called?
a: Magnum P.R.

q: Have you heard a dad joke about dad jokes?
a: I've never meeted an person who had.

q: How do you call an intelligent blonde?
a: A Labrador.

q: Why did the black guy wear a tuxedo to his vasectomy?
a: If he was going to be impotent he wanted to look impotent.

q: Q: Why is it that programmers always confuse Halloween with Christmas?
a: A: Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC. Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor

q: What do call a Mexican midget?
a: A paragraph. Because they're a short es.

q: What is worse, ignorance or indifference?
a: I don't know and I don't care

q: What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones?
a: Trombones.

q: Why are MMA fighters told not to blow their nose when in a fight?
a: Oops, this was supposed to be for  . There's no punch line!

q: What did the smoked salmon say after it realised it was no longer ill?
a: "I'm cured!"

q: Why do people have sex when they go camping?
a: Because it's fucking in tents!

q: Why do feminists hate church music?
a: Because of all the Hymns.

q: Does syria have any walmarts?
a: No, only targets.

q: Q: You're sailing on a boat with a pack of cigarettes, but do not have a fire source, what do?
a: A: Throw one overboard to make the boat a cigarette lighter.

q: What do you do with 365 used condoms?
a: Roll them into a tire and call it a Goodyear.

q: What do you say to Micheal Jackson when he is on the beach?
a: Get out of my son!

q: Why did Kermit the Frog never get with Ms Piggy?
a: She already has something stuck up her ass.

q: Did you hear about Instagram, the weed delivery service?
a: nm was thinking of Instantgram

q: What do you call a female meat cutter?
a: A Bobbitt

q: What happens when a lumberjack doesn't know which tree to cut next?
a: He gets stumped.

q: Why did a man bring a ladder to the party?
a: He heard the drinks were on the house..... I'll see myself out.

q: Why do babies love sticking things in their mouth?
a: And why doesn't my girlfriend share this impulse? 

q: What do you call a female barber?
a: A Bobbitt

q: Damn girl, are you a gibson?
a: Cause I would only use you If I would get paid.

q: What do you call a famous Internet pirate?
a: Blackneckbeard.

q: Why is Boromir such a hit at orgies?
a: Because when he blows his horn everyone comes ;)

q: you know why Santa sack is so big?
a: because he only comes once a year

q: What do you call a Black Fisherman?
a: Jailbait.

q: Damn girl, did you fall from heaven?
a: 'Cause it looks like you hit ever branch on the ugly tree on the way down! 

q: Damn girl, are you a Mediterranean fruit fly?
a: Because you sure are an economic pest.

q: Why do cows wear bells?
a: Because their horns don't work!

q: Whats the only free food you will get from a Nigerian scammer?
a: Spam.

q: Damn girl, are you misplaced silverware?
a: Because why aren't you in the kitchen?

q: Why did the black man wear a tuxedo to his Vasectomy?
a: If he was going to be impotent he wanted to look impotent.

q: Damn girl, are you bubble wrap?
a: Because you're fun to run over with my bike

q: Why was the blond excited when she finished her puzzle after 6 months?
a: Because the box said 2-4 years!

q: What's going to be thinner than the IPhone 8?
a: Apples ideas.

q: What did the Nazi with celiac disease say at the breakfast table?
a: Excuse me, but is this cereal Glutenfrei?

q: What happens when Turkeys get the common cold?
a: They quit smoking.

q: Are you made of berillium, gold and titanium?
a: Because you are BeAuTiful.

q: have you heard about the couple who confused the tube of K-Y Jelly with window putty?
a: It was horrible, all of the windows fell out of their new house

q: Damn, girl! Are you Iocane Powder?
a: Because I've spent the last few years of my life building up an immunity to Iocane Powder. So, yeah...

q: Want to Hulu and chill?
a: There's like 90 seconds of ads so you won't miss any of the show.

q: What's the name of the rockstar who invented mouth ulcer gel?
a: Jon Bonjela!

q: Damn girl, are you Deja Vu?
a: Because it feels like I've seen these jokes before

q: What's the difference between my guitar and my girlfriend?
a: My guitar doesn't yell at me when I snap it's g-string

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic musician who tried to do magic?
a: He reached into his hat, and...viola! 

q: Do you believe in God?
a: "Do you believe in God?"  "Of course! There's only one J.C. for me!" AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA!!!!  !!!

q: Why do golf commentators speak softly?
a: To not wake the audience.

q: Damn girl are you math?
a: I wont ever get you and everytime I try I feel embarrassed. 

q: damn girl, are you "damn girl" jokes?
a: because fuck off.

q: What do you call a chihuahua with a rainbow colored fur?
a: Chihuehue

q: Damn girl, are you damn girl?
a: 'Cause damn girl.

q: Damn girl, are you some fresh coffee beans?
a: Cause I wanna grind you up and put you in my freezer.

q: What kind of dog does Sauron have?
a: A La-Barad-dr

q: Damn girl, are you a gear?
a: CUZ YOU HAVE GROUND THAT JOKE TO DEATH

q: Damn girl, are you a "Damn girl, are you a..." joke?
a: Cause I have had enough of your stupid shit.

q: Damn girl are you a beaver?
a: Cuz damm

q: Damn girl, are you a door?
a: Because I want to slam you!

q: Damn girl, are you Nutella?
a: Because I want to spread you and eat you.

q: Damn, girl are you a sketch on Saturday Night Live?
a: Cause you're getting old, fast!

q: Damn girl, is your dad in jail?
a: Cuz if I was your dad, I'd be in jail.

q: Damn son are you a girl?
a: BECAUSE OTHERISE WHY YOU NO DOCTAH YET?!

q: Why didn't the Siamese chicken cross the road?
a: he was two chickens

q: What's a loli's favourite car?
a: A Niisan.

q: What does a priest have in common with acne?
a: They both come on a 12 year old boys face!

q: Damn team mate are you the ladbible?
a: Because you are baiting me so hard.

q: What's an asian's favorite drug?
a: HERROine        

q: What did the singers say right before they had sex?
a: Let's duet! I am so proud for coming up with this one

q: Damn girl, are you a huge piece of shit?
a: Because you just slid right out of my asshole. 

q: What do a chick and KFC have in common?
a: Once you're done enjoying the legs, thighs and breasts your left with a greasy box to stick your bone in.

q: What do you call gay Dracula?
a: Cock Dracula, because blood isn't the only thing he's sucking ;)

q: Did you hear about the drug that cures lesbianism?
a: It's called Trisedixagen And for men, try Ignordacoc

q: What did the Jewish lady with Alzheimer's ask her husband?
a: Why doesn't our daughter ever come home for Christmas?

q: Damn girl are you a Reddit trend?
a: Because I just want to fit in..

q: Did it hurt when you fell?
a: Into the toilet, you piece of shit?

q: What's a terrorists favorite sex toy?
a: A blow up doll!

q: What does a British midget get when he is told he is going to be crucified?
a: He gets a little cross.

q: What's blue and gold and comes in brownies?
a: Cub Scouts.

q: Damn girl, are you a ghost?
a: Cuz when I saw your face you scared the shit out of me.

q: Why are there no bears in Antarctica?
a: Bearren.

q: What do you call a religious bird?
a: A bird of prey.

q: Excuse me ma'am could you tell me the date?
a: Because you're a total 10/10!

q: Why should you be quiet in a pharmacy?
a: In case you wake the sleeping pills! 

q: Damn girl, are you Jamaican?
a: 'Cause Jamaican me crazy! 

q: Damn girl, are you today's date?
a: Because you're 10/10 I know we've been doing anti-joke pick up lines but this only comes once a year.

q: Damn girl are you today's date?
a: Cause' you're a 10/10

q: Damn girl, are you from Syria?
a: Because you're revolting.

q: Why did the football coach call his quarterback a hairdresser?
a: Because he missed a split-end on a curl.

q: What kind of cake did Noah enjoy?
a: Mabul cake.

q: Why shouldn't you gamble in Africa?
a: Too many cheetahs..

q: Damn girl, are you the brownie I just dropped on the floor?
a: because you're hairy but I still wanna eat you

q: What happened when the man put in mypenis as a password?
a: Error not long enough.

q: Damn girl, did it hurt?
a: "What, when I fell from Heaven?" "Yeah, cause your face is really fucked up."

q: What did the toilet say to the pee?
a: urine

q: Wanna Know SomeThing Funny?
a: My Amount Of Karma.

q: What do ghosts dress up as for Halloween?
a: As John Cena because you can't see them.

q: Damn girl are you deaf?
a: I said, Damn girl are you deaf?

q: What do you call a running gag on crutches?
a: A lame joke.

q: Damn, girl, are you a Black Hole?
a: 'Cause you are outta this world! 

q: What do you call a band of otters!?
a: otterpop

q: Damn girl are you a pet rock?
a: Because I want you in my butt.

q: Why did the snooker player go to the toilet?
a: To pot the brown.

q: Damn girl, do you have a phone in your back pocket?
a: Because that ass is calling me

q: What do Reeva Steenkamp and Leondardo DiCaprio have in common?
a: They both got fucked by Oscars.

q: What does a mixture and a gay scientist have in common?
a: They can both be a homo-genius 

q: Damn, Girl, are you a rollercoaster?
a: 'cause everyone is talking about the ride...

q: Damn girl are you a Rubik's cube?
a: Because fuck you, you stupid piece of shit. 

q: Damn girl, are you from Tennessee?
a: Cause your the only ten I see

q: Why did the hen cross the road?
a: because chicken.

q: What do you call a coast ghost that's a guest at a celebrity ghost roast?
a: A ghost toastie!

q: What does a black man get after sex?
a: 15 years - life in prison. 

q: Does anyone remember that show where Ron Howard was a kid with a paper route?
a: Probably not.  Opie delivered.

q: Did you fall out of heaven?
a: Because you look like it hurts.

q: What is brown and rhymes with snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: Knock knock. Who's there? App App who?
a: Welcome to the quickee mart

q: Whats the difference between jelly and jam?
a: I can't jelly my dick down a bitches throat.

q: When do virgin guys get some ass ?
a: when their fingers go through the toilet paper

q: Why is a Mexican midget called 'a paragraph'?
a: Because he's not a full es.

q: What's a pedophile's favorite kind of shoe?
a: White Vans...

q: Hey girl, did you fall from heaven?
a: Because you have a seriously fucked up face.

q: Why did the boxer bring a bar of soap into the ring?
a: The referee said he wanted a clean fight. :D

q: Where does an octopus go to buy shoes?
a: Inke

q: What is a Muslims favorite type of vinegar?
a: BalIslamic

q: How do you prove triangles congruent with attitude?
a: Do it with SAS.

q: What is the difference between a priest and a pedophile?
a: A pedophile does not get tax exemptions for raping young boys.

q: If you throw a party how do you know Mrs. Elephant is in her period?
a: Your mattress is missing and, theirs a quarter on the dresser.

q: Why didn't the stick of butter confess his feelings?
a: Because somethings are butter left unsaid. 

q: If straight people use Tinder, what do Germans use?
a: Hitler

q: Hey, are you the bottom of my laptop?
a: Because you're really hot and it's making me nervous. 

q: Why is a rat and a jew alike?
a: you can find both running through the sewer after a nice hot shower.

q: What's Hitler's favorite football team?
a: Forty NEIN ers.

q: Did you hear about the Chinese couple who had an albino child?
a: It was a case of two Wongs making a white.

q: What's the name of the hat Jewish people are always seen wearing?
a: Oh yeah a Yankees hat.

q: What did Octavian say when he stormed Cleopatra's gardens?
a: Caesar salad

q: What did the German brat say to his father?
a: You're the wurst!

q: What's the difference between domestic beer and domestic violence?
a: I don't like beer.

q: What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast?
a: Milk and Surreal.

q: What do you call a black man walking down the street?
a: A pedestrian.

q: Did you know that the 16th presidency had the best records kept?
a: I think they were called the Lincoln Logs.

q: What's the wisest kind of modeling putty?
a: Play-toh. 

q: Why did the baker have dirty hands?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: Why did Jesus quit playing hockey?
a: He kept getting nailed to the boards.

q: where did Marry go after the explosion?
a: everywhere

q: Punchline request: What is the most mysterious cheese?
a: I'm going to a cheese and wine party tonight and the host has requested I bring a "mystery cheese". I'm hoping there's a puntastic cheese out there somewhere that may fit the bill!

q: What did one eye say to the other?
a: Between you and me, something smells.

q: Whats the slipperiest country?
a: Greece!

q: What's the difference between priests and gay men?
a: Priests say Amen and gay men say ahh, men.

q: What did the man say to the fly?
a: "Hey.. you're looking fly"

q: What's the worst name a transvestite could choose?
a: Amanda

q: What do you get when you see Bill Cosby in double-vision?
a: Raped.

q: What did the /r/science mod say to the user?
a: [removed]

q: Having trouble making friends?
a: Just tell a girl you love her and her first reaction is to say lets just be friends.

q: What do you call a Korean girl, who lost her virginity at a young age?
a: Sum-Young Ho

q: Are you an arson and a musician?
a: WOOOOOOOAAHHHHHooOOO, YOUR SAX IS ON FIRE!

q: What Pablo Escobar And Other Narcos Fear Most?
a: LEGALIZATION

q: Whats the derivative of Amazon?
a: Amazon prime. 

q: Why doesn't Casper have any children?
a: He has a hollow-weiner.

q: What do you call an Asian person that is hit by a car?
a: Hood orient

q: Hey gurl are you an integral?
a: Because I'd gladly replace my x with u.

q: Why does Sunscreen break atomic rule?
a: It's only SPF

q: What would ISIS be if George Bush was still president?
a: WASWAS

q: What did the homeowner say to the fruit growing gardener?
a: Water me lawn

q: What's a stoners favorite marker?
a: A Highlighter

q: What did the fisherman do when he really liked a woman?
a: He invited her over to net fish and krill.

q: What did Obama say to his depressed painter?
a: It's going to be all white.

q: Do you think Kanye West will becom president?
a: I don't know. I don't have 2020 vision.

q: What sound does a cow make?
a: Sssssssss....

q: What kind of computer can't sing?
a: A Dell

q: What is amnesia?
a: Is it: A) memory loss A) memory loss Or  3) The Battle of Hastings

q: Why is it called the cock?
a: Because it rises in the morning.

q: What did the hands say to the flour?
a: "I knead you!"

q: Why did the cheese cry?
a: It was degrating.

q: What do you call a Mexican stationed out at sea?
a: A Navy Bean

q: What cajun food did Donald Trump order at the barber shop?
a: toupe

q: Why did the artist throw his eraser away?
a: Because it wasn't 

q: Why couldn't Pikachu read his book?
a: Because he was dyslectric.

q: What does a Necrophiliac have when he is turned on?
a: Mourning Wood

q: What's an Asian's favorite time to go to the dentist?
a: tooth-hurty

q: What did the nihilist say to the physicist?
a: Nevermind, it doesn't really matter.

q: What is Mexico's national sport?
a: Cross Country

q: Why did the North Korean defect to South Korea?
a: He did some seoul searching.

q: Did you hear about the man who hit my ex?
a: He gold arrested for animal abuse

q: Why doesn't ISIS appear in any Sci-Fi shows or movies?
a: ...because they are set in the future.

q: What do you call vampires vagina?
a: Cunt Dracula

q: What's a hipster's favorite kind of cigarette?
a: Yours.

q: What do you call it when trash pandas pleasure each other orally?
a: Coonilingus

q: How many handles do a black dude's coffin have?
a: Have you ever seen a dumpster with four?

q: Why did the blond get fired from the M&M factory?
a: Because she kept throwing out all the W's

q: What do you get when you cross a dairy farmer with someone who moulds and fires clay?
a: A dairy potter.

q: What do you call a cow if he enjoys burgers?
a: A cannibull

q: What's black and comes in little white cans?
a: My favorite Michael Jackson joke.

q: How did the blonde break her leg from raking the leaves?
a: She fell out of the tree.

q: What kind of fish is made of two sodium atoms?
a: 2 Na!

q: Did you know that the NY Jets are 0-2 against Pittsburgh in the NFL Playoffs?
a: Turns out Jet fuel can't melt Steeler dreams.

q: Why couldn't the restaurant patron get into his car?
a: He had Gnocchi.

q: What killed Rick Moranis' movie career?
a: His wife. 

q: What's the difference between HP computers and HP in a video game?
a: One of them you want to see a lot less of.

q: How do you get a one armed man out of a tree?
a: You wave.

q: Why can't you have Christmas dinner in the EU?
a: Because there is no Turkey

q: Why do people soil themselves when they die?
a: Because everyone's full of shit.

q: Why were people in the Medieval times so self absorbed?
a: Because they thought that they were the center of the universe.

q: What do you call a shity poet?
a: A poo'et 

q: Q: Why did Ariel wear seashells?
a: A: Because she grew out of her B shells.

q: Where does a one-legged woman work?
a: What's her name?  Eileen  If she's Asian what's her name?  Irene   /goingtohellforthis

q: What happened when the vase revealed it was the father?
a: I'm not sure, but it was quite the pot twist.

q: Who has one thumb and survived a band saw accident?
a: This guy!!!

q: What do we want now!?
a: When do we want 'em? Time machines!

q: What service did Michael Jackson use to do his taxes?
a: Pay-To-File

q: What happens when you eat middle eastern food?
a: You get falawful farts.

q: What kind of fish is made of only two sodium molecules?
a: 2 na

q: Why was the sea snail sad?
a: Because it was abalonely

q: Which animal is always down for sex?
a: The cow. Because they're always in the  . 

q: Are you smart enough to avoid click bait?
a: Obviously not.

q: How do you get a blonde on the roof?
a: Say the drinks are on the house

q: How do you censor real life hentai?
a: Pubes

q: How can you tell when Halloween is coming too soon?
a: The sight of premature Ejack-o-lanterns in the neighborhood.  I'm a Dad so this joke is OK

q: What do you call a sad gay Brit?
a: Aaa bloody bummer

q: How come Puerto Ricans don't like blow jobs?
a: They don't like any kind of jobs

q: How many Shia laBeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: NonononononononononoNONONONONONO! NONONONONONONO! NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO! (he can't.)

q: How do you describe every gf in one word?
a: K

q: How did the Santa Lawn Ornament feel the day after Christmas?
a: He was de-lighted.

q: How do you piss off a feminist?
a: Done.

q: Did you hear about the man who was murdered in an elevator?
a: It was wrong on so many levels.

q: A black guy and a jewish guy jump off a building, who lands first?
a: who cares.

q: What do you call two British men, searching for a donkey?
a: Assless chaps. Source:

q: What do you call a kleptomaniac who doesn't understand figurative speech?
a: Someone who takes everything literally

q: Are you a whore?
a: Because you are priceless to me. 

q: Why do Redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences?
a: Because there is a lot of reposting to do.

q: What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing?
a: KKK Slider

q: What's the best part about abortions?
a: They never get old 

q: What do Mormons say when they go to the strip club?
a: Do they come in bulk?

q: What do parsley and pussy hair have in common?
a: You push it aside and keep eating. Credit to a coworker that told me this last night. 

q: Why was the female turkey such a good fit for the Nazi party?
a: Herr Goebbels.

q: So did you hear about the brother and sister that got married?
a: They opened up an incesteraunt.

q: How do you jump out of a fifteen-floors building without getting hurt?
a: You jump from the 1st one.

q: [pick-up line] Boy: Did you give me any loan?
a: Girl: I don't remember, why do you ask that? Boy: Because my 'Interest' in you is just going up everyday......

q: What did the conservatives say to the abortion rights supporters?
a: You'll never de-fetus. 

q: What is the best part of a Jonestown joke?
a: The punchline

q: What are you doing tonight?
a: Your wife.

q: When asked to provide proof that he had cirrhosis, what did OP do?
a: OP de-livered.

q: How do you know the toothbrush was invented in Kentucky?
a: If it was invented anywhere else it would've been called the teethbrush

q: Do you want to hear a word I just made up?
a: Plagiarism

q: What kind of shoes do paedophiles wear?
a: White vans Edit: when   beats your joke 

q: What do you call a muscular black man?
a: Arnold Schwarzenigger

q: What do you get if you digitise a map of northern Europe?
a: Scanned-in-avia

q: How do ya get a fag to fuck a woman?
a: Shit in her pussy

q: Hey man, you play guitar?
a: Not a lick.

q: Why is it forbidden for ants to go in a church?
a: They are in-sects

q: Why didn't the rest of the fractions like "mc" very much?
a: Because he was generally known to be a square(ed).

q: If you remove ET from the alphabet, how many letters are still there in the alphabet?
a: 21, because ET left Earth in a UFO.

q: What cooks better than women?
a: Jews.

q: Why didn't the patient sue the dentist for pulling the wrong tooth?
a: Because it was accidental.

q: What do Mexican and Black people have in common?
a: Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.

q: How can you tell that microchips are made in the US and not the UK?
a: Because if they were made in the UK they would be called microcrisps.

q: Why was Helen Keller a bad driver?
a: Cause she was a woman 

q: What was written on the UNIX user's doormat?
a: "There's no place like cd ~"

q: Why can't Arabs manage the scoreboards at ball games?
a: Because people get nervous when Mohammad starts counting down from 10.

q: Why are outdoor workers so in fit?
a: Cause they work out. 

q: Why can't there be some sort of mathematic formula for making friends?
a: A squadratic formula, if you will.

q: Why was the garbage man arrested?
a: Because he was bin laden.

q: What do you get when your cat wins a prestigious beauty contest judged by sir-mix-alot?
a: A huge cat ass trophy. God that was terrible :( I just came up with it but I think it needs work. But I really like the cat ass trophy = catastrophy pun as a punchline.

q: Have you tried that new cocktail called Hurricane Sandy?
a: It's just a watered down Manhattan.

q: Why did the Skeleton cross the road?
a: Question: Why did the Skeleton cross the road? Answer: To go to the body shop.

q: Knock Knock...Who's There?.........9/11.....9/11 Who?
a: "I thought you said you'd never forget...."

q: what's the difference between a loaded potato and a normal one?
a: Someone's a lot less deadly with a normal potato.

q: What's the difference between a black man and a pizza?
a: A pizza can feed a family.

q: What do you put in a box to make it lighter?
a: Courtney Love

q: How much Squidwards does it take to fix a lightbulb?
a: zero, because none of them knows how to 

q: What does a neckbeard tip his fedora to in soviet russia?
a: "M'otherland"

q: What has four legs and a cunt halfway up its back?
a: A police horse

q: Did you hear about the Mexican that was shot on the golf course?
a: There was a hole in Juan.

q: Why did Carrie Underwood run out of cheese?
a: Because Jesus took the wheel.

q: If Olive oil is made from olives - baby oil made from what?
a: *is

q: What's the fastest thing on land?
a: Stevie Wonder's speedboat.

q: What's the most awkward aspect of bar-tending at an internet cafe?
a: You have to deal with people who forget to close their tabs.

q: What do you call the website Chewbacca started that gives out Empire secrets?
a: Wookieeleaks

q: Why is it more expensive to use air pumps nowadays?
a: Inflation

q: What's pink and slowly turns red?
a: A baby chewing on a razor blade.

q: What do you call a dog with no hind legs and balls of steel?
a: Sparky

q: What is Jar Jar Binkss's favorite song?
a: Me-sa lovely by scouting for gungans.

q: What would you say to a rocket shaped infant?
a: "Baby, You're a Firework"

q: What do you say when you see two cleaning ladies making out in public?
a: Get a broom.

q: Why was Ed single?
a: Because Sheeran away.

q: What is an emo nerd's favourite brand?
a: Razor

q: What do you call a poo which still remains after flushing?
a: An   -  nflushable  loating  bject

q: What's your most fucked up joke?
a: I'm looking for the most cancerous jokes you can think of.

q: What is the difference between erotic and kinky?
a: Erotic is using a feather....kinky is using the whole chicken. 

q: What is black and smells like blue paint?
a: Black paint.

q: What does a Ferrari and poverty have in common?
a: Princess Diana can't stop either

q: What's the worst thing about having sex with 22 year olds???
a: There's 20 of them.

q: Which is the longest toilet in the world?
a: Indian Railways

q: What do you do when you hear a woman got hit by a car?
a: Wonder how the hell a car got into the kitchen

q: How many cockroaches does it take to change a light bulb?
a: I don't know. When I turn on the light they're all gone.

q: Do you remember blowing bubbles when you were a child?
a: Well he is back in town and wants you to give him a call.

q: Why is it a bad idea for China to become a democracy?
a: Do you know how hard it would be to orchestrate a national erection

q: What is the definition of masurbation?
a: Coming unscrewed

q: What does it mean when a man is in your bed, gasping for air, and calling your name?
a: You didn't hold down the pillow for long enough.

q: What's the hardest part about roller-skating?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: How does a psychic cokehead tell the future?
a: With a magic 8-ball

q: What did the butter say to the jam?
a: We're on a roll now!!!

q: Why are redneck murder victims so hard to identify?
a: Everybody's DNA is the same and there are no dental records.

q: Why couldn't the 5 year old go to the pirate movie?
a: It was rated PG-13.

q: What do you call a cannibal who only eats comatose people?
a: A vegetarian.

q: Where does a fish keep his life savings?
a: In a riverbank :D

q: Why was the young mosquito up all night and stressed out?
a: He was studying for a blood test

q: How did they know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her head and shoulders in the glove box.

q: Why was the Rastafarian poor?
a: Because he was jah bless

q: What's the difference between a tea bag and England?
a: A tea bag stays longer in a cup.

q: What did Mick Jagger say when he walked in on Hugh Hefner in bed with Dennis Weaver?
a: He said "Hey Hey Hugh Hugh Get Off Of McCould"

q: What happens if you steal in Afghanistan?
a: You get Talibanned

q: Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of a boat?
a: Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat. 

q: Why did the pet owner get upset with his parrot?
a: ...because he was using too much fowl language

q: What did the commander say when she realized that she had left Matt Damon on Mars?
a: "I have left my Mark on Mars"

q: Why can't Mexicans win the Olympics?
a: Because every one that can run, jump or swim has already crossed the border.

q: What's the difference between the English rugby team and a teabag?
a: A teabag stays in the cup longer! (im so sorry ;-;)

q: Why are teenage girls so odd?
a: Because they can't even. 

q: Today we gain an hour thanks to Day Light Savings Time. What are going to do with it?
a: ....gotcha bitch!

q: What's the only acceptable filetype at The Xavier Institute for Higher Learning?
a: .docx

q: How did Moses feel after falling for a craigslist scam?
a: Egypt.

q: How do you tell the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
a: Rectal thermometer tastes like shit

q: What do you call a homosexual on roller skates?
a: Rolaids 

q: What do you call a Palestinian women?
a: A Jewish Fuck Bag.

q: What kind of drink does a ghetto drinks?
a: A GHETTOrade

q: Have you heard about the collapse of the boxer shorts industry?
a: apparently it was quite brief.

q: What do you call a snail in the sea?
a: A snailor. 

q: how is sex like math?
a: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.

q: What does your body's government do to a fresh cut?
a: It boyclotts it

q: How much do flying broomsticks cost at Hogwarts?
a: Quid each.

q: What happens if Donald Trump pulls out of the election?
a: He will be Donald Duck

q: Q:Why doesn't ed have a girlfriend?
a: A: because she ran

q: Where did the mobster go to college?
a: Whas-a-matta U.

q: What do you call a horny fraps program?
a: Faaps. ..someone had to.

q: Where was the male lion's favorite vacation spot?
a: Maine

q: What did Dave Grohl say when he accidentally dropped his sandwich?
a: "There goes my hero"

q: Why are there no gay suicide bombers?
a: They can find millions of virgins just by going on Reddit.

q: How many police does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: They don't, they beat the room for being black.

q: Q: What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
a: A: Virgin Mobile

q: How to tell if someone has Rhotacism?
a: Ask them to pronounce it.

q: What do you call a mexican midget?
a: a paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay.

q: Why did the husband bring his wife's sick dog to the salon?
a: He was trying to get her pedicure. 

q: What did the male robot say to the female robot?
a: 1100011010000010001000100101011101111100001011101001101000110011010110100000000110001001101011000001

q: Why can nobody understand sausages when they talk???
a: Because they speak in tongs. I'll show myself the door

q: Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sports Authority?
a: Cuz he likes Dicks.

q: What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand?
a: Quatro cinco.

q: What do you call an Arab who flies a plane?
a: A pilot, you racist motherfucker.

q: What did the Grapefruit basketball coach say to the worst player on the team?
a: You're going to have to ci-tris one out.

q: Who's your dad's cousin's cousin's daughter to you?
a: A potential Tinder date.

q: What is the favorite vacation place for people with CFS?
a: Mount Restmore.

q: Who would you rather have mark your exam, Gandalf or Dumbledore?
a: Dumbledore, because Gandalf already said, "You shall not pass! "

q: Whats The Devils Favorite Style Of Football?
a: Possession 

q: Why are double amputees always wrong?
a: Because they don't have a leg to stand on. Note: I'm a right leg amputee and I made this up myself.

q: What do you call a late teacher?
a: Mr. Bus

q: Did you see the story about the psychic dwarf escaping prison?
a: The headline was "Small medium at large".

q: What's the difference between a teabag and the English rugby team?
a: A teabag stays in the cup longer...

q: Did you hear the one about Sandusky at the beach?
a: A father walked up to him and said, "get out of my sun!"

q: Why do only 2 Mexicans pass the border at once?
a: Because the sign says no trespassing.

q: What did the tumblr user do when she got arthritis?
a: Massage a knee.

q: What's good on pizza but not on pussy?
a: Crust

q: What is the difference between a white guy and an asian?
a: Cock. It is basic math. cockasian - asian = cock

q: What do you get if you cross Islam with Christianity?
a: ||Islam|| ||Christianity|| sin  

q: Why did sodium stay home all day?
a: Because when helium invited sodium and potassium to the mall, potassium said   but all sodium could say was  . 

q: What does a fresh egg say when you try to hardboil it?
a: It'll take me about 20 minutes to get hard, I just got laid by some chick. 

q: Why does James Bond like Michael J Fox?
a: Because he always gets his martini shaken, not stirred.

q: Why was the fruit farmer losing money?
a: He couldn't grow a pear

q: What`s the difference between a Doctors Without Borders hospital and ISIS?
a: How would I know, I`m just a US Air Force Operator.

q: What is worse than being kidnapped by the Talibans?
a: Being rescued by the Americans

q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
a: Snowballs. 

q: Why did the Frog cross the road?
a: Because it was stapled to the Chicken.

q: Whats the difference between a coal mining company and the Catholic Church?
a: A coal mining company puts miners in shafts not the other way around.......

q: If we become engaged will you give me a ring?
a: Sure, what's your phone number?

q: How Many Feminist does it take to Screw SRSer ?
a: None, Even Feminist have standarts

q: What do Muslim men do during foreplay?
a: They tickle the goat under the chin.

q: How do you know when a woman is about to say something smart?
a: When she starts her sentence with, "A man once told me..." 

q: Why do people throw coins into foutains?
a: Why do people throw coins into fountains? I don't know, doesn't make any cents.

q: How does Planned Parenthood paint their walls?
a: They go to Home Depot, get paint and rollers  Sometimes they hire private contractors  Lots of paint and tarps and tape, it's not that fun

q: What do you call a doctor who is always available?
a: An oncallogist. 

q: What's the us army tanksman's favorite song?
a: "Tanks for the memories"!

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Disney Movies?
a: Disney movies can still touch children.

q: Want to hear a funny abortion joke?
a: Sorry, couldn't conceive one.

q: What do you call a group of militant feminists?
a: A Militia Etheridge

q: Did you hear the one about the genius Redditor?
a: No?, and you won't either.

q: What do they say about building an erotic statue?
a: "If you build it they will come."

q: What do you call a Mexican woman with no legs?
a: Consuelo.

q: How do you circumcised a whale?
a: Four skin divers

q: Whats the difference between a terrorist camp and a high school?
a: I don't know, I just fly drones.

q: What's the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket?
a: A peeping Tom snatches watch's

q: What do you get with legalized prostitution and a highly competitive marketplace?
a: The best bang for your buck.

q: How do generals show their gratitude to their troops?
a: They give tanks.

q: NSF(Life) Why was the strawberry crying?
a: Because it's mom was in a real jam.

q: What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan?
a: Third time's the charm

q: What comes before OP?
a: QWERTYUI

q: Why did the bear start playing music when the priest tried to absolve him of his sins?
a: Because the priest said "Bear, atone" and the bear thought he said "baritone" as in "play the baritone sax now". The bear immediately started wailing away on the sax, rocking back and forth so hard he knocked over all the prayer candles and almost snapped his own spine. All the priest could do was ask the lord for the strength needed to get this bear into heaven.

q: What's the difference between a cow and The Bible?
a: You can't milk a cow for 2,000 years.

q: Now why do sumo wrestlers shave their armpits?
a: To avoid being mistaken for feminists.

q: What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare?
a: A sunken chest with no booty.

q: What is green, red and goes 90 miles per hour?
a: A frog in a blender.

q: Why did they ban Liquid Paper, White-Out, and all other correction fluids in Poland?
a: They were making the PC screens unusable.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a vacuum cleaner?
a: They both suck, but the vacuum has a handle on it.

q: What did the bird owning whore tell her waiting clients?
a: Be right there as soon as I take care of a cock or two.

q: Did you hear about thw new holy water based personal lubricant?
a: It's for old married couples where the guy needs to get churched up before going into a haunted house.

q: Did you hear about Oscar Pistorius' home improvements?
a: He wants a new bathroom door, but his girlfriend's dead against it

q: What do you call a cranberry cross guard?
a: Antiaccident

q: Why do sumo wrestlers shave their balls?
a: So they don't have hairballs!

q: How many cow-lories does a cheeseburger have?
a: Moo many...

q: Did you know George III never even bothered to leave his couch during the American Revolution?
a: He was sofa king comfortable.

q: Do you know what smells funny?
a: Clown poo!

q: Which sex position produces the ugliest children?
a: I don't know, ask your mum.

q: How was the Roman Empire cut in half?
a: With a pair of Caesars.

q: What was Eve charged with after murdering Adam in the Garden?
a: Being a first-person shooter

q: A clever joke?
a: So, I thought of this this morning. I apologize if this has been done already.  A coworker of mine said his son is a huge Japanophile. I responded with "It's a good thing his hobby isn't walking or he'd be a pedophile."

q: Is it wrong to watch porn alongside a Disney inspirational video?
a: I'm not saying I did it I'm just wondering if I should stop

q: What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in your bath?
a: Throw in your washing.

q: Whats worse, being a vegan inmate or non vegan?
a: Or non vegan inmate* Depends on whether you want to eat meat or toss salad.

q: Why did the comedian go to doctor?
a: Because the audience gave him the clap

q: Did you hear about the couple who stole a calendar?
a: They both got six months.

q: Do know who the ultimate CrossFitter was?
a: Jesus. 

q: A punchline my Japanese girlfriend came up with: What's black, white, and red all over?
a: A Black Santa Claus!!!

q: What's a Chinese fisherman's least favorite part of living in Hollywood?
a: Pilot season

q: What do you get when a vampire eats a dachshund?
a: Hollow-ween

q: How much does the average gay man ejaculate?
a: I don't know but I hear it's an assload.

q: Why didn't the penguin close on his mortgage?
a: He had cold feet.

q: Have you ever played the Oscar Pistorius drinking game?
a: Every time your girlfriend goes to the bathroom you take 4 Shots.

q: What do you do if you're Fighting a group of circus performers?
a: Go for the juggler 

q: What's blue and doesn't fit?
a: A dead epileptic

q: What do you get when you wreck a Honda Accord into a Saturn Ion?
a: An Accordion. ...I'll, uh, see myself out.

q: How do you stop a dog humping your leg?
a: Suck it's dick. 

q: What does a ghost say after a bad joke?
a: Booo Hahahaha 

q: Why did Mother Nature trip the last day of summer?
a: To make it Fall.

q: Did you hear about the new iPhone?
a: It's a six s (success)

q: What's Mohammed, Moses and Noah's favourite dessert?
a: Propheteroles

q: What do you call two marry-go-rounds having sex?
a: I don't know, i'm just fucking around.

q: Why did the californian celebrate his birthday a day earlier?
a: He moved down-under!!

q: What's the difference between a secret Taliban hideout and an Afghan public school?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drone

q: How was the bear able to move in order to get honey?
a: It had muscles.

q: Ever had sex while camping?
a: It's fucking intense.

q: What do you call an Austrian woman's undergarments?
a: A Freudian Slip.

q: What do a burnt pizza and a pregnant woman have in common?
a: The guy didn't pull it out fast enough!

q: Why did the privileged white guy fail his algebra test?
a: He didn't know enough about inequalities

q: What's red, white, and full of holes?
a: Helen Keller's face after she tries to use a fork.

q: Did you know the right Woman can make you a Millionaire?
a: You just have to start as a billionaire.

q: Did you hear about the guy who traded his car or a phone?
a: He went from having a Kia to Nokia.

q: How do you hide money from a Republican?
a: Hide it in a science book.

q: What happened when Rick fell down a hill?
a: Rick rolled.

q: Did you hear Ellen DeGeneres drowned?
a: They found her face down in Rikki Lake

q: What do you call a heard of masturbating cows?
a: ....Beef stroganoff

q: What smell foot, pussy and ass in the same time ?
a: rolled into a ball tights

q: What do you say to someone who studied media at university?
a: Can I have fries with that please?

q: A hurricane is going to hit the east coast?
a: Are you Joaquin?

q: Where does the Joker keep a record of his favourite shrubland areas?
a: Heath Ledger.

q: What do you get if you cross goat DNA with human DNA?
a: I don't know, ask the Arabs!

q: How did the Welshman find the sheep in the tall grass?
a: Very satisfying.

q: What video game would Adolf Hitler play?
a: Mein Kraft.

q: What does Iraq and Bristol Palin have in common?
a: Both of them are hard to pull out of.

q: Did you know that an airplane's propeller is only a big fan and is there to keep the pilot cool?
a: Don't believe me? Turn it off, and see how much the pilot sweats!

q: How many germans does it take to change a lightbulp?
a: One. We are efficient and don't have any humor.

q: What do you call it when people line up well?
a: High queue-ality.

q: What did the scientist say when he created something super BASIC?
a: What did the scientist say when he created something super BASIC? ExtraOrdinary

q: What's the tallest building in the world?
a: A library, because there are so many stories. (Did Not Make Up this Joke)

q: What did the counselor say to the hologram?
a: "You're projecting." (From Star Trek Voyager)

q: What Nationality was Otzi the Caveman?
a: He wasn't Italian, because he carried  work tools, he wasn't Austrian, since he had some brains, he might have been Swiss, since he was outrun  by a glacier, but most probably he was a  German, because nobody else ever walks in sandals in the mountains.

q: What did one poop say to the other poop?
a: You smell

q: Why did Comic Sans's girlfriend leave him?
a: He just wasn't her type.

q: What do you call a book case hogging all the books?
a: Shelf-ish

q: What's the best feature of Apple Pencil?
a: You don't need to sharpen it.

q: What is the most popular soda in candy land?
a: Lolli-pop

q: What did Nietzsche call his Yiddish cab driver?
a: An Uber mensche.

q: What does a zen ghost say?
a: Boo, duh...

q: What will Kim Jong-Un name his child?
a: Kim Jong-Deux.

q: Whats the best part about dating a black girl?
a: You rarely have to meet their dad. 

q: Why was the little ant confused?
a: Because his uncles are aunts. 

q: What is the ultimate pleasure?
a: To rub peanut butter on your dick and then run through a kindergarten. 

q: Which state is actually a tiny soft drink?
a: mini-soda.

q: Why do Republicans make good DJs?
a: Because they know how to shut the House down.

q: What's the number 1 cause of Child molesters?
a: Sexy children 

q: What did the pope say to Aretha Franklin?
a: I said play pope music not pop music. 

q: Why does George Bush not know how to read?
a: Because he was a stupid twat who should have never become president. 

q: What car do dogs drive?
a: A Doge charger

q: What do you call a vegetarian prostitute?
a: A herbi-whore 

q: Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs?
a: Stpehen hawking after a house fire. 

q: What do you call an old John Cena?
a: John Cenile

q: What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music?
a: Rock 'n' Roll

q: Why are the dinosaurs extinct?
a: Q: Why are the dinosaurs extinct? A: because they're dead.

q: What do you call a calm Asian?
a: A Mellow Yellow

q: What's the difference between an Anorexic girl and an escalator?
a: The anorexic would not eat Chinese. 

q: Why did the inventor of panadol think I had no parents?
a: I said I'm an orphan.

q: Does a farmer eat female sheep?
a: Ewe, no.

q: What is the best pickup line a robot can say to another robot?
a: 010100110110010101111000011110010010000001110100 01101001011011010110010100111111 I am a robot trying to pickup another well manufactured robot. Please offer me your assistance.

q: When is a mountain goat not a mountain goat?
a: When he's a hillbilly.

q: Why does Voldemort always sit in the nosebleed section at events?
a: So he'll finally have the chance to get a bloody nose.

q: What did Serena say to Venus before they faced off in the US Open?
a: In tennis, love means nothing.

q: What smells worse than an anchovy?
a: An anchovy's cunt

q: Why are teenage girls so much better at English than boys?
a: Girls, like, have a much better, like, grasp of, like, similes.

q: What do you call a cow with only two legs?
a: ...Lean Beef.

q: Why don't boxers have sex before a fight?
a: Because they don't like each other.

q: Remember when?
a: Remember when the worst thing about Volkswagen was that they made cars for Hitler?

q: What do you call a cow with a nervous twitch?
a: Beef jerky 

q: How many Trumps?
a: How many trumps could donald trump trump if donald trump could trump trumps?

q: What do diapers and politicians have in common?
a: They both need to be changed after a while for the same reason

q: What do you call a cow with no nipples?
a: Udderly pointless

q: Why doesn't Jesus Play Hockey???
a: Because he doesn't want to be nailed to the boards.

q: What's better than winning a gold medal at the special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded 

q: Why shouldn't you kiss someone on January 1st?
a: because its the first date

q: Why do sorority girls travel in odds?
a: Because they can't even!

q: If you went camping and woke up with a condom in your butt, would you tell anyone?
a: If not, do you wanna go camping?

q: What be a pirate's favorite letter?
a: Ayy, you think it be "r" but it really be the "c". 

q: What do you guys think of this quote I came up with?
a: "Good artists copy, great artists steal."

q: What's the difference between congress and a circus?
a: One is a Cunning array of Stunts...

q: What is the difference between a Snowman and a Snow-woman?
a: Snowballs.

q: What's the secret ingredient in Bush's Baked Beams?
a: Jetfuel.

q: What's the difference between an owl and a bungee cord?
a: My ass

q: What do you call a programming language designed for women?
a: An object oriented programming language.

q: How do you know Moby Dick was a gay whale?
a: Because he was trying to swallow the sea men...

q: Why is a raven like a writing desk?
a: Because they both drove Edgar Allen Poe straight into the grave.

q: What's the difference between a bird and a fly?
a: A bird can fly but a fly can't bird. 

q: You know what a fat woman and a brick have in common?
a: Both are laid by Mexicans.

q: How do you say dinner in spanish?
a: JOHN CENA

q: What is Al Qaeda's Favorite Football Team?
a: The New York Jets.

q: Why is religion like mobile gaming?
a: Free-to-pray, pray-to-win.

q: What is Shulk from Xenoblade's favorite thing to type?
a: Back Slash!

q: A landscaper's favourite musical genre?
a: Mow-town.

q: What is a neckbeard's favorite language?
a: M'lay.

q: What's big, black, and hard?
a: A Basson.

q: What's the difference between a refugee and a terrorist?
a: I don't know. I just build the fence.

q: Whats the difference from a terrorist and a psychopath?
a: A llahu akbar

q: What's the difference between a regular horse and a police horse?
a: A police horse has an extra asshole on top.

q: What's worse than a truck filled with dead babies?
a: What's worse than that? - When the baby eats it's way out. What's worse than that? - when the baby comes back for seconds

q: How does the moon get a haircut?
a: Eclipse it

q: Why did the sick bird come in jail?
a: Because it was an ill-eagle.

q: Why are girls so odd?
a: they can't even

q: What do blondes and spaghetti have in common?
a: They both wiggle when I eat them!

q: What do you call an inspiring jerk session?
a: A stroke of genius!

q: Why was the Moon in a bad mood?
a: It was just going through one of its phases.

q: What do you call 100 drowning vegans?
a: A good start

q: Did you hear bout the new iphone with professional camera?
a: Its called the eyephone.

q: What is small, bald and wrinkled?
a: Danny DeVito

q: What Journey song to Chinese people sing at funerals?
a: Don't Stop Bereavin'

q: How to make your ears pop?
a: Try some sparkly earrings.

q: Why did everyone wanted to hang out with the mushroom?
a: Because he was a fungi

q: What did the number 0 say to the number 8?
a: Nice belt. :)

q: Which singer would be best suited for the roman military?
a: Britney Spears

q: Heard about the news the acientist allover the world have been talking about?
a: There amazed how there are only 7 planets left after i destroyed URANUS.

q: What do tofu and a dildo have in common?
a: They are both meat substitutes. 

q: Have you ever seen Stevie Wonder's house?
a: Neither has he.

q: What do you call a friendly Chinese man who gives out free firewood?
a: Kind Ling

q: What was Bruce lee's favorite drink?
a: Wataaaaah!

q: What does an elephant and a carton of milk have in common?
a: They both cum in quarts

q: Why are you so gay?
a: Because you are happy.

q: Did anyone see the lunar eclipse tonight?
a: It was right by 'your anus'.

q: Me: How are you feeling Grandpa?
a: Grandpa: Oh you know with my hands mostly.

q: What does a Fire cracker and a duck have in common?
a: They both Quackle!

q: What is the difference between a golfer and skydiver?
a: A golfer goes   "damn" and a skydiver goes "damn"  .

q: How is Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis similar?
a: They have Hogwarts

q: Why wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker cast in "Seabiscuit"?
a: I don't think she auditioned for the movie, or was even considered for it.  And she was busy with "Sex and the City" anyway.

q: What do Hillbillies do for Halloween?
a: Pump kin

q: What happened when the mathematician put seaweed on her boobs?
a: Algae-bra!

q: Why doesn't the guy with OCD ever get laid?
a: Because when he turns his girlfriend on he has to turn her off again three times. 

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic and a dyslexic?
a: You get someone who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question of whether or not there's a dog.

q: why do they put gates around a graveyard?
a: Because people are dying to get in

q: How many redditors does it take to answer an /r/AskScience question?
a: [removed]

q: Did you hear what happened to the blind circumcision doctor?
a: He got the sack..

q: Why do sheep love Star Wars Episode V?
a: Because Dey-go-bah.

q: What's the difference between a cranky two-year-old and a duckling?
a: One is a whiny toddler, and the other is a tiny waddler!            

q: Why can't siamese twins be trusted to render fair judgments?
a: Because they're always partial. I'm so sorry.

q: What do you get when you have sex on the beach?
a: This is in my opinion the best joke I've ever come up with my self. My best friend since grade school's name is Sandy Johnson. (He's a guy, his mother didn't like him very much.) Anyway, here is the joke: What do you get when you have sex on the beach? Sandy Johnson

q: Why did the Chicken cross the road?
a: To get to the bar.  Why the bar?  To get to the toilet.  Why the toilet?  Because that's where all the cocks hang out.

q: What do you call a rhetorical fish?
a: Sharkasm.

q: What is Facebook?
a: Its a Place where Boy posts a JOKE and Gets no Response & If a Girl Posts the same JOKE , She gets Hundreds of likes , comments and Friend Requests and Lots of PM's .

q: How do you make your wife a dildo?
a: Stick her fingers up your butt.

q: What does the sun and cleavage have in common?
a: You can look at both for a second, but if want to stare you need to wear sunglasses.

q: What's it called when a terrorist's wife cheats with an American?
a: Infidel-ity.

q: What's the difference between Jelly and Jam????
a: I can't jelly my dick in your ass.

q: What do lonely terrorists have sex with?
a: Blow-up dolls.

q: How do Muslim women get wrinkles off their faces?
a: Fabric softener. 

q: Whats the similarity between Income Tax and a Caller Tune?
a: Whats the similarity between Income Tax and a Caller Tune? . ..  In both the cases, one pays the money and others enjoy.

q: What if Forrest Gump's e-mail password?
a: 1Forrest1 ...yeah we all saw that one coming.

q: The priest says to the alter boy, What's the difference between a penis and a banana?
a: I don't know says the alter boy, what is the difference between a penis and a banana? Doesn't matter, says the priest, Would you like to come on a picnic?

q: What is the square root of 69?
a: Ate Something! ("8 something", actually 8.306)

q: Why did the philanthropist learn how to subtract?
a: Because he wanted to make a difference.  My first original,  time for open mic!

q: How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas?
a: He felt his presents.

q: What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint?
a: Red Paint

q: What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
a: People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo.

q: How do you tell a dyslectic to take the left turn on the road?
a: Turn toward your side!

q: What do you call two homeless people hitting each other with cardboard?
a: Pillow fight.

q: What is the sexiest type of dolphin?
a: A striped tease dolphin. 

q: Eskimo: If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?
a: Priest: No, not if you don't know Eskimo: Then why did you tell me?

q: Why was the necrophiliac depressed?
a: His rotten girlfriend split on him.

q: What do you call the useless skin around a vagina?
a: The woman.

q: How many black people does it take to start a riot?
a: -1

q: How does a carpenter effectively build stairs?
a: He thinks one step ahead

q: What do you call a Syrian refugee on the Mediterranean?
a: What do you call a Syrian refugee on the Mediterranean? Bob What does a Syrian refugee call their pet? Dinner What's grosser than gross? Two Syrian refugees fighting over a tampon.

q: What's it called when your Uber is filled with potatoes?
a: A tuber Got any more? A boat or bus or an uber with a stripper in it could be a buber. If your driver is Jewish its a Jewber. If your driver is anonymous its a Whober. Oh and if you get an uber in the movie die hard, youre getting a Gruber

q: What's A Sign of Maturity? ( Conversation at Gas Station)?
a: ME: I think's it's when you have an opinion on something and once presented with new facts you are open to changing your opinion.  Friend: Definitely, old people are not at all known for being set in their ways. Bystander ( Young Fat Asian Man): Old doesn't equal maturity.  Bystander #3 ( Some kid ): Does in pornos. Bystander #2( Some old guy...): "Age is wisdom," said the old fool.

q: Did ypu know premature ejaculations are hereditary?
a: It comes in your jeans.

q: What is a racist's favorite seafood dish?
a: Klu Klux Klam

q: Why Did the Native Americans Car Break Down?
a: Their Injun died on them! 

q: Do you know why George Washington 's father forgive him?
a: Because Washington still holding the axe

q: Who does a Jedi call when he forgets his keys?
a: A LockSith. 

q: Where does Wonder Woman buy all her stuff?
a: Amazon.

q: Why didn't the monk's clothes fit properly?
a: Because he was cohabiting.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic atheist?
a: He kept himself up at night wondering if there really is a dog. 

q: What does a Satanist take when their allergies to Christians act up?
a: Anti amine's

q: What do you call someone who gets high fast?
a: A speed weeder. 

q: What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
a: The pizza doesn't scream in the oven Sorry 

q: How can you tell if a hippy came to your house?
a: He's still there.

q: Have you seen that new film about a tractor?
a: Me neither, just saw the trailer.

q: How do you swat one hundred flies at the same time?
a: Smack an Ethiopian in the face with a frying pan.

q: Hey baby, are you a whale?
a: because we can humpback at my place. ;)

q: Why shouldn't you play American football with feminists?
a: Because they'll constantly shift the goal posts.

q: What is a mushrooms favorite type of music?
a: Hyphae

q: Whats the difference between a hippy chick and a washing machine?
a: When you drop a load in, it doesn't follow you around for 6 months trying to get spun.  8) 

q: What's the difference between a jew and a Canoe?
a: Canoes tip

q: What kills thousands of smokers a year?
a: Natural Causes

q: What did the Taliban soldier say to his buddy?
a: Afgan I pee... Stan he fer me a minute. 

q: Q. What are 2 girl chickens that fall in love?
a: A. Lesbi-hens

q: Why do they call a "pap-smear" a "pap-smear"?
a: Because it sounds a lot better than "cunt-scrape".

q: Why should Mexico accept Syrian refugees?
a: With the level of crime and political violence, they will feel right at home. 

q: Why did the gay pride movement use the rainbow as a symbol?
a: Have you ever seen a straight rainbow?

q: Did you see Matt Damon's character in Invictus?
a: That's apartheid like to play.

q: Did you hear about those 3 guys who stole a Calender?
a: They each got 4 months.

q: Why did the leper fail his driving test?
a: He left his foot on the clutch.

q: Why don't black pitchers throw three strikeout in a row?
a: Because they don't believe in the KKK

q: What TV personality lives in your phone?
a: SIM Card-ashian! (it might help if you say it out loud)

q: What's the difference between a cockroach and the Japanese?
a: A nuke won't kill a cockroach

q: What type of overalls does Mario wear?
a: Denim denim denim.

q: My attempt at a joke?
a: My mum is going through Labour and my dad says: "Could Ukip already?"

q: What do you call two hobos having sex on a freight train?
a: The mile long club.

q: What happened to the embarrassed bungalow on the street of two story houses?
a: It got stares.

q: DAE accidentally call the wrong replacement when you can't teach your classroom that day?
a: Whoops, wrong sub

q: How do you Organize a Space Party?
a: You Planet!

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a knife?
a: The knife has a point

q: What would Inception: The Porno be called?
a: Contraception.

q: What does a mathematician do when they have constipation....?
a: They work it out with a pencil!

q: How's a fart and a teenager alike?
a: Because once you go to sleep, you can't trust either of them to not sneak out.

q: How many Steam employees does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Honestly Im not sure, they havent got back to me yet. It's been 3 weeks.

q: How's a Volvo just like a woman?
a: The pussy is on the inside.

q: What do you call a stubborn Egyptian?
a: In denile

q: What is Nux's favorite browser?
a: Chrome.

q: Have you heard of the beer Jesus made?
a: Its called Hebrew.

q: There are so many old jokes on this subreddit... Want to hear a new one?
a: 1.

q: What do gays and Donald Trump have in common?
a: They're fucking assholes.

q: Did you hear about the bureaucrat who was a Platonist?
a: They were really obsessed with forms.

q: ignorance or apathy?
a: I dont know and I dont care

q: What happens when you throw a hand grenade into a kitchen?
a: Well, the mess is the same but the annoying jabbering stops.

q: How do you compliment a pickle rapper's verse?
a: That was dill!

q: What do you call a cowboy with erectile dysfunction?
a: Clint Southwood

q: What would you get if Geddy Lee, Neil Peart and Alex Lifeson all died in a plane crash?
a: Take your time, there's no Rush...

q: What's the greatest gift you could give to a trashcan?
a: A baby.

q: What's the difference between hanging with friends and jacking it on the toilet?
a: One means you're taking a load off and shooting the shit, the other is taking a shit and shooting a load off.

q: Why did they go from Windows 8 straight to Windows 10?
a: Because 7 8 9!

q: How do you tell if a girl is ticklish?
a: You give her a test-tickle. 

q: Little on the nose that the Pope's riding around in a Fiat, isn't it?
a: But then, I guess we know he's into that Fiat luxe.

q: Why did the fetus kill his twin?
a: There wasn't enough womb for the two of them!

q: What do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial?
a: High koala tea

q: How do crabs travel cheaply?
a: Pubic transportation

q: How does the Pope get around New York City?
a: Mass Transit!

q: What did the diabetic's girlfriend call him as pet name?
a: Sweet pee.

q: Why did the pirate go to Ireland?
a: he thought he was going to Arrrland.

q: What do you call 2 Nuns & a Cheerleader?
a: 2 Tightends & a Wide Reciever

q: What are eukaryotes' least favorite subject in school?
a: Algaebra...

q: How many amateur masochists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Only one; But it takes a WHOLE E.R. room to extract it afterwards. Double joke! "whole... hole." it's a play on words ;)

q: What do you call a dead skunk?
a: A stunk. My daughter made this up when she was about 7 years old. I thought it was incredible clever.

q: Want to hear a joke about Subway?
a: Okay, but it's not really kid friendly.

q: What's the best side to eat from a chicken?
a: The inside.

q: Q: How do you know if a chef is a clown?
a: A: The food tastes funny.

q: How many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have?
a: Nion

q: Do you know what moth balls smell like?
a: How'd you get their little legs apart?

q: what do you call a lesbian in a ford windstar filled with penises?
a: dick van dyke 

q: Whats the difference between an in-law and an outlaw?
a: One of them is actually wanted!

q: What's a pirate's worst nightmare?
a: A sunken chest with no booty.

q: What do you get when you take an HIV medication and raise the price 5,000%?
a: Rich AND famous, apparently

q: You know what the best thing about Alzheimer's is?
a: You can hide your own Easter eggs.

q: What type of carpet do you put in an igloo?
a: Burr-burr

q: Why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat?
a: It was capsaicin. 

q: What do you call a deaf quadriplegic?
a: Whatever you want

q: Did you hear about the chameleon that couldn't change color?
a: He had reptile dysfunction. 

q: What's the difference between having sex while skydiving and a smelly vagina?
a: Well, one's a kinky stunt...

q: Why is Chapstick so popular?
a: Cause it's the balm baby!

q: Why did Gandhi lose the race?
a: I guess he got his fasts mixed up.

q: What's in Heaven and Hell?
a: In Heaven, the cops are British, the engineers are German, the lovers are French, the cooks are Italian and the whole thing is managed by the Swiss In Hell, the cops are German, the engineers are French, the lovers are Swiss, the cooks are British and the whole thing is managed by the Italians

q: What do you get if you cross a gardener with a banker?
a: A box hedge fund!

q: Why did Elvis' mom get mad when people called him "Elvis the pelvis"?
a: Because he had a brother named Enos.

q: What do you call a pigeon with 4 feet?
a: A STOOL Pigeon

q: Why is the last chapter in a chemistry textbook about benzene?
a: Because it's the PHENYL CHAPTER :D I came up with this myself. I'm so proud.

q: Why did Snake walk into the bar?
a: Because he wears an eyepatch and has poor depth perception.

q: why did the little shoe cry?
a: Because his mommy was a sneaker and his daddy was a loafer with only a penny to his name!

q: What did the miner say when he struck gold?
a: Au, yeah!

q: How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of illegal Mexican fans of Stars Wars?
a: Obi Juan by Juan Kenobi

q: What did the gay Zombie crave?
a: BRIANS.

q: What's the difference between a BMW and a cactus?
a: on a cactus, the pricks are on the outside

q: Why did the scare crow get a raise?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field. Annnnd you all have cancer now.

q: What do you call an angry gay guy?
a: Oxymoron.

q: What do you call a trombone player who just broke up with his girlfriend?
a: Homeless.

q: Why are lesbians statistically more poor than the average person?
a: Because they eat out every night.

q: What's the only thing worse than finding a roach in your food?
a: Finding half of a roach in your food.

q: How can you tell which nurse is the head nurse?
a: She's the one with dirty knees.

q: What did the suicide bomber from the Rebel Alliance say before detonating?
a: ADMIRAL ACKBAR!

q: What do you call a band that comes out with a new song 12 times a year?
a: Monthford and Son

q: What's a sluts favourite drink?
a: 7 Up in Cider

q: Why don't girls in San Francisco wear skirts?
a: Their balls would fall out.

q: How do you greet a racist murderer?
a: Good morning officer .

q: What do you call an airline run by nazis?
a: Aryan Air

q: What is 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole?
a: Donald Trump 's tie

q: What's the difference between iFunny features and the gif subreddit?
a: A week.

q: What do you get when you blow up a police station?
a: Bacon bits I came up with this joke 15 years ago when I was a dumbass teen.. maybe in poor taste with everything going on but thought I'd share.

q: What's the difference between a cloths hanger and a flight of stairs?
a: The cloths hanger only solves one problem.

q: Why is it that arms tell the funniest jokes?
a: Because they are humerus

q: How do you make a strawberry shake?
a: You put it in a freezer!

q: Did you see the new joke posted on reddit?
a: It's almost 3 years old

q: What do you call a slutty egg?
a: Over easy! 

q: What did Obama say when he proposed to Michelle?
a: I don't wanna be Obama self

q: What Did Kid Davis Say To The Lesbian Melons?
a: you cantaloupe.  i just thought of this. probably not the first person to, but i certainly didn't steal it. 

q: Why was the Narwhal kicked off the volleyball team?
a: He was always spiking the ball.

q: What is zero in Roman numerals?
a: Nothing

q: What did the square say to the root?
a: "Radical"

q: How do you find the Pun Bar?
a: You just walk into it

q: how much onion does dad use in his bolognese?
a: shallot 

q: How do you make a Sea Lion?
a: You remove an electron from a Seal!

q: What did the pirate say?
a: ayy ayy cap'n

q: Why is all the racism in America downstairs?
a: That's where we keep them chained up. 

q: What's an otakus favourite dessert?
a: Senpie.

q: Did you hear the iPhone 6S Plus is selling really well?
a: Seems like it's a big 6S

q: What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow ?
a: Reality. I'll show myself out now...

q: Why did Misty want to sleep with Brock?
a: She saw his Onix harden.

q: What do you get when you squeeze a Synagogue?
a: Jews.

q: how to know if a thin girl is anorexic?
a: she posts her nudes in bbw subreddits.

q: Ever heard a band called 1023 Megabytes?
a: Of course not. They haven't made a gig yet.

q: Why is toilet paper no good for wrapping presents?
a: Cos it's tear-able.

q: What do you call a girl gamer that always pirates her games??
a: A crack whore.

q: How did the gay wizard dissappear?
a: He went with a poof!

q: What do you call crystal clear urine?
a: 1080p

q: Did you hear about Taco Bell's new sauce?
a: It's picked-out daily south of the border.

q: Why are life long overweight people funny?
a: Growing up they hear the best jokes.

q: When is it time for bed at the Neverland Ranch?
a: When the big hand touches the little hand.

q: What's the difference between reddit and a fish?
a: fish are cool

q: Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends?
a: Because he's married.

q: Why did the gum cross the road?
a: It was stuck to the chickens foot. 

q: What movie title best fits The Flash's sex life?
a: The Fast and the Furious.

q: What do you call the sequel to Straight Outta Compton about Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg?
a: The Next Episode

q: What do your sister and snow have in common?
a: I plow both.

q: What does a dentist do in his free time?
a: Shoot lions.

q: Why DID David Cameron fuck a dead pig, anyway?
a: The live ones wouldn't hold still. 

q: What do you get when you mix free running with golf?
a: Parfour Sorry

q: Why does wally wear stripes?
a: Because he doesn't  want to be spotted.

q: Did you know that Dublin, CA has the fastest growing population of all time?
a: The populations always Dublin'. :D 

q: What's the opposite of the word uncle-off-her?
a: It's an aunt- -him.

q: What do vegetarian zombies eat?
a: Graiins!

q: Wanna hear a Bill Cosby joke?
a: Drink this first.

q: Can Neon form a chemical bond with Indium?
a: NeIn.

q: What do you call a werewolf who has taken an interest in social justice?
a: Awarewolf

q: What is the difference between snow men and snow women?
a: Snowballs

q: How is Donald Trump like a VW Bug?
a: They both spew toxic hot air disguised as being good for Americans.

q: Why did the clock get banned from the library?
a: It tocked too much

q: What's worse than being struck by a lightning?
a: Being struck by an iMac.

q: What's Hitler's least favorite planet?
a: Jewpiter

q: Why were all Roman buildings made of stone?
a: They crucified the carpenter.

q: What's David Cameron's favourite Shakespeare play?
a: Hamlet.

q: What's the difference between a watermelon and a baby?
a: One is fun to hit with a sledgehammer, the other one is a watermelon.

q: What is a joke that only makes sense in your own regional dialect/accent?
a: Sorry for a post that's not a joke but I'm interested. Here's one from where I am. These two ducks are flying over Ballymena. The first one says, "quack quack" and the second one says, "slow down! I'm coming as quack as I cyan."

q: Why don't mathematicians build bridges?
a: Because they'll never be perfect.

q: What do you get when you cross a bear and a spider?
a: A six-legged, honey-lovin', web-spinnin' 

q: What does the pedophile feel when raping 2 month old baby?
a: A heart.

q: Why don't bears wear socks?
a: They have bear feet

q: What is the difference between a dentist and a New York baseball fan?
a: One yanks for the roots, the other roots for the Yanks.

q: Have you heard Schrdinger's joke?
a: It's both funny and not funny at the same time, but there is no way of knowing if anyone else will laugh at it until you've told it.

q: What do you feel when you accidentally run over and kill a group of geese crossing the road?
a: Goosebumps

q: What do you call a popular joke on reddit?
a: repost

q: What beats a binos dagger?
a: Currently running crit reave block build  (utilizing abyssus and legacy lightning  coil). I'm still using a binos and hitting lvl 80 maps.  Ide like to upgrade, but at what pdps does a dagger actually beat a binos or is worth the huge  loss of survivability.

q: [Request] What's your favorite adult-themed Halloween joke?
a: My favorite is: "There's a maniac living in our neighborhood. He goes house-to-house leaving severed body parts on the doorstep. He gives me the willies."

q: When will Cameron stop fucking with the system?
a: when pigs fly

q: How do you make a Welsh person comfortable while playing Scrabble?
a: Remove the vowels in his rack.

q: Did you see that crazy news story on the internet?
a: Of course. You reddit

q: What are Asian Tennis Players most well known for?
a: The Back Hand

q: Hey Spongebob, what's funnier than 24?
a: 9/11.

q: How do you blow square balloons?
a: Blow square breaths.

q: What is the friend zone?
a: It's the space between girlfriend and girl friend.

q: How to 4-dimensional aliens get around?
a: In Tralfamadoloreans.

q: How do you know when you've been eating good pussy?
a: When you finish your face looks like a glazed doughnut.

q: Why did the fire fighter call off work to spend time with his friend?
a: Because...bros before hose!

q: Did you know Jesus has nice abs?
a: He does crossfit.

q: What's the first thing a woman does after leaving spousal abuse therapy?
a: The dishes, if she knows what's good for her!

q: Why are yachts and ships so scary?
a: Because they're for boating.

q: What kind of medicine do you give a kid having a fit?
a: An anti-hissy-tamine.

q: Why did the "upright man", a humanoid species, went extinct 70.000 years ago?
a: Because they got homo e-rekt-us.

q: What kind of water do you put into a waterbed?
a: Spring water

q: How do we know Floyd Mayweather isn't a bomb?
a: Because he can't tell the time.

q: What do you call a Mexican Standoff between two people?
a: Juan vs. Juan

q: Why did Ahmed Mohamed get delayed at the airport?
a: he was on a watch list...

q: What did the Mexican firefighter name his twin sons?
a: Hose A and Hose B

q: Wanna hear something gross about USA?
a: $18.124 trillion

q: What did the Australian Chess player say to the waiter?
a: Cheque, mate!

q: What did the perverted scientist say to his colleague?
a: If you need me, I'll be in my Lab.

q: How many blondes does it take to make a great joke?
a: Yes.

q: What's a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet?
a: Everyone thinks it's 'R', but his first love be the 'C'.

q: Why was the Texan afraid of the clock?
a: Because it reminded him that time was moving forward. 

q: What does Neil Degrasse Tyson say to pickup a lady?
a: "Hey, would you like to get astro physical with my dark matter?" Edit: I hope Neil sees this. That's my dream. I love everything he has done for the science community.

q: What do a zero-legged spider and a one-legged bear have in common?
a: They both have at least zero legs.

q: How much does a Qur'an weigh?
a: Allaht

q: How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One, but when he unscrews the bulb, the lights go out and your xbox is gone.

q: What is it called when you kill a chickpea?
a: Hummuside

q: If I hold one moth ball in my right hand and another moth ball in my left, what do I have?
a: A bloody big moth!

q: Who is the only one that has smoked as much weed as Wiz Khalifa?
a: Wiz Khalifa's tapeworm. 

q: If you had a 14 inch penis growing out of your forehead how much of it could you see?
a: None because you would have two balls in your eyes.

q: What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off?
a: Aw shucks!

q: What do defensive linemen and porn stars have in common?
a: At some point both of them have said to themselves "This sack is going to make my career."

q: Why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at Trump?
a: Because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it.

q: Which hotel does Link use when he goes on vacation?
a: The HYAT

q: How did the ancient Greeks seperate the men from the boys?
a: With a crowbar. 

q: What are pigskins used for?
a: Holding the pig together.

q: What do Afghan stoners smoke?
a: Hindu Kush

q: What goes great with Alphabet Soup?
a: Times New Ramen

q: Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10 and skip 9?
a: Because Windows 8 9.

q: How Many Wal-Mart Workers Does it Take to Screw In a Lightbulb?
a: One to screw in the lightbulb, stock four carts of supplies, and handle seventeen simultaneous customers at any one time for five consecutive hours.

q: What do you call a pie who made his own ears?
a: A pioneer

q: What is Guns N' Roses' favorite type of sandwich?
a: Pananananana ni ni (to the tune of Welcome to the Jungle) And that's a thatinternetexporer original

q: How does the redneck's wife know that her daughter is pregnant?
a: her son's dick tastes like shit.

q: How do you keep a black kid from jumping on the bed?
a: Velrow

q: What do amputee bears and regular bears have in common?
a: They both have four legs. (assuming the amputee is missing a different appendage)

q: How do you help a paraplegic kill themselves?
a: Give them a push.

q: What did the beef broth say to the chicken broth?
a: What flavor au jus?

q: What do you call a sometimes homosexual arctic bear with heavy mood swings?
a: A Bi bipolar polar bear!

q: What do you call someone with a large head?
a: The headmaster.

q: How'd Florida man break his leg raking leaves?
a: He fell off the palm tree

q: Why do gay men float?
a: Flambuoyancy

q: What do you call a dolphin that is out of the water?
a: Dolphout

q: How can you make your wife scream for an hour after sex?
a: you clean your d*ck with the curtains

q: What does a Playboy Magazine and a Model T Ford have in common?
a: These days they're both hard to come by.

q: Did you hear about the guy that ran into a window?
a: He was in a lot of pane. 

q: Why should you never bring a fat person to see a dramatic movie?
a: They will ruin the suspension.

q: How do you starve an black man?
a: Hide his food stamps under his work boots.

q: Why can't Americans play chess ?
a: Because they are missing two towers.

q: How does a blonde set the time on her alarm clock?
a: She waits until midnight and plugs it back in. Disclaimer: I know it's terrible, I was very young when I came up with it.

q: What's the difference between your mother and a crackwhore who charges 3 dollars for a blowjob?
a: 2,50

q: what did one mexican mouse say to the other mexican mouse?
a: nacho cheese!!

q: What is the difference between my ex-girlfriend and a beer?
a: One is pale, bitter and starts off with lots of head and the other one is a beer.

q: How do you make a dead baby float ?
a: Two scoops of ice-cream and one scoop of dead baby.

q: What do you call attempting to jump to light speed before checking the Hyper Drive first?
a: A Wookie mistake!

q: Why do Palestinians have faster computers than Israelis?
a: They have RAMallah.

q: What do you call an unborn child that is excessively ready to accept failure?
a: A defetus

q: Son: Dad, how do stars die?
a: Dad: Drugs, usually.

q: What do two people kissing and a toll bridge have in common?
a: They're both long tubes with an asshole at each end

q: Ever heard of the undertaker who accidentally dug another body?
a: He made a grave mistake.

q: 1. Religion. 2. ?
a: \3. Prophet.

q: What part of the Vatican is made entirely out of amino acids?
a: The Cysteine Chapel

q: Why is it called PMS?
a: "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.

q: What do you call a group of white people?
a: A prison

q: What do you call a feminist that eats really, really fat cows?
a: A cannibal

q: Why can't you hear the pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
a: Because the 'p' is silent

q: How did the Roman cut his hair?
a: Caesar

q: Why are all smart Mexicans guys gay?
a: Because they do their essays.

q: What do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino?
a: A visit from the university board of ethics.

q: Why didn't the Turkey cross the road?
a: It was too Chicken.

q: What does a man with a foot long cock eat for breakfast?
a: Well, this morning I had a hard boiled egg.  

q: What do you call a chinese duo that plays ping pong?
a: Ping Pong

q: What do a ghost family and the Kardashians have in common?
a: They both have Transparents. 

q: Whats the difference between a woman president and pizza?
a: Most people like the idea of pizza better.

q: Why can't the plane fly?
a: Because it's grounded.

q: Old joke for Halloween. Why do witches not wear panties?
a: For better grip on the broom

q: How do you summon a wizard taxi?
a: CABRACADABRA!

q: What do you call a dog with a 7 inch boner?
a: Your sex life.

q: Why did Christopher Reeve lose the debate?
a: Because his arguments   against scrutiny.

q: What would BuckWheat from Little Rascals be called if he were a Muslim?
a: Kareem of Wheat.

q: Why did the Chinese man tell a joke?
a: Just China be funny.

q: How did Magic Johnson get Aids?
a: By using his Magic Johnson.

q: What do you get if you don't pay your exorcist?
a: Repossessed. (Credit to my great-grandmother.)

q: What number is the oddest prime number?
a: 2 Source: My discrete professor

q: What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza?
a: Little Caesars. 

q: Why was Biggie hungry at school?
a: He forgot Tupac his lunch!

q: What does your mom and a 4-stroke engine have in common?
a: They're both usually busy doing one of the following: sucking, squeezing, banging, blowing. 

q: What has four legs and quacks?
a: A paradox 

q: What's your emergency?
a: Boy:   Hello? I need your help! 911: Alright, What is it? Boy: Two girls are fighting over me! 911: So what's your emergency? Boy: The ugly one is winning.

q: What did the Ohioan Satanist say when he arrived to cult?
a: "Ohio Satan!"

q: Why can't Z generationers swim?
a: Their phones would get wet.

q: What is Saturn's favorite movie?
a: Lord of the Rings.

q: What time is it when a Muslim immigrant brings a clock to school in Texas?
a: Time to get a new principal.

q: Why did the boy think you hit menopause when you graduated high school?
a: Because it was the end of all your periods.

q: What do you get if you walk under a cow?
a: A pat on the head.

q: If your dad wrote the Bible, who would he have building the ark?
a: Not sure who he would have, but I Noah guy.

q: You know why it's called PMS?
a: ...there's already something called Mad Cow Disease.

q: Did you hear about the kid who brought a home made watch to school?
a: He had a real bad time...

q: What did the police do to the sweater?
a: They pulled it over.

q: What's the difference between Donald Trump and an oompa loompa?
a: If you are wise, you won't listen to him.

q: What's Terrance Howard's favorite Radiohead song?
a: "(1 x 1 = 2) + 2 = 5"

q: What do lesbians like best about sex?
a: Tastes great...less filling....TASTES GREAT!!! LESS FILLING!!!

q: Let me tell you a Statistics Joke. What is a Car in the U.S.?
a: A mode of transportation. :D

q: How many moths does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just two, but how they get in there.. I don't know. (Stolen from an old Maxim in my dad's storage)

q: You know what channel The Republican debate is on?
a: I don't know man, maybe check Comedy Central?

q: Can anyone help me with starting a rocket science club at school?
a: I'm having trouble getting it off the ground.

q: What did the terrorist say as he walked into a classroom with a clock strapped to his chest?
a: Allahu Clockbar!

q: What do you call a communist pirate?
a: Lutin.

q: What does Donald Trump order at a Mexican restaurant?
a: For the food to be deported.

q: Hey Dad, did you hear about the construction workers?
a: They were all dead.

q: Why did Ahmed take his clock to school?
a: He wanted to see time fly

q: Did you guys hear about the kid getting arrested for bringing a clock to school?
a: Sources say that the teachers were alarmed.

q: Why did the mathematician ignore the tan lady on the beach?
a: He was too concerned with the tan gent.

q: Did you hear about the injured condiment?
a: He had to be rushed to the Mayo Clinic. 

q: What did the daddy salt say to his son?
a: "Stop cracking your NaCles."

q: What is a computer scammer's favorite band?
a: PHISH

q: Why did the stutterer get shot in the ghetto?
a: He was asking for directions for the "k-k-k-mart."

q: Where's a good place to get Italian food in the middle east?
a: Allah Garden.

q: What do you call a dwarf without a mouth?
a: Short for words.

q: What did the leper say to his mistress after a round of unfulfilled sex?
a: Where's the bloody point?

q: What's the most popular website in Illinois?
a: Cornhub.com

q: What'd the homeless guy get for Christmas?
a: Very hungry.

q: Have you heard about the old wheel that got a new image?
a: He retired.

q: Still waiting for the FedEx joke?
a: OP didn't deliver.

q: Who's the best detective in Mexico?
a: Sherlock-Holmes

q: Grandmothers are not always right?
a: When I was young I didn't like going to weddings. My grandmother would tell me, "You're next" However, she stopped doing that after I started saying the same thing to her at funerals. 

q: How can you tell when your sister is on her period?
a: When you dads dick tastes like blood. 

q: What's the difference between autumn and fall?
a: The twin towers didn't autumn

q: What is the cheapest way to get a slut?
a: Give her $300 and ask for the $299 discount.

q: What sounds like a frog but keeps me up all night?
a: reddit

q: What's the difference between apathy and ignorance?
a: I don't know and I don't care.

q: why did the man cross the road?
a: he had his dick stuck in a chicken

q: What is the best joke you have heard?
a: Any best joke

q: What does a bad salesman and a toilet have in common?
a: They are both full of crap.

q: How was the bird able to pass his math test?
a: He was winging it.

q: What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise?
a: Lmayo!

q: Why couldn't the gay guy cross the road?
a: He had to go straight.

q: Why the rabbits love Selena Gomez?
a: im farting carrots, im farting carrots...

q: What did the policeman say when the Arabic man escaped from jail?
a: GOTTA CATCH JAMAL

q: Did you hear about the new cologne Chris Brown put out?
a: I heard it was a real hit with the ladies.

q: How do you frighten a Bee?
a: Sneak up behind it and yell BOO BEE!

q: What do you have when lounge chairs multiply?
a: Two chaise...

q: How much hummus did the anorexic Arab eat?
a: A tahini bit!

q: Why can't you run through camp sites?
a: You can only ran because it's past tents.

q: Anyone know any good optometry jokes?
a: All the ones I know are cornea.

q: which 2 insects are the most foolish?
a: ant-ticks

q: What do read heads get when they don't brush their teeth?
a: Gingervitis Edit: redheads. I am a disgrace.

q: Why did the twins have twice as many shirts as pants?
a: Because they shared genes!

q: What did your last slave die of?
a: A perforated colon.

q: What's the difference between a hippopotamus and a Zippo?
a: One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.

q: What's the difference between a Catholic and Baptist?
a: A Catholic will say hello to you in a liquor store. 

q: What's the difference between Al'qaeda and civilians?
a: Beats me I just fly the drone!

q: What do you call a Jewish New Zealander?
a: Hebrew

q: What does a man with a tiny penis have for breakfast?
a: Well this morning I had a PopTart, 2 eggs and a glass of orange juice.

q: What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler?
a: Usain Bolt can finish a race. 

q: How does Schrdinger apologise?
a: Sorry not sorry

q: What's the most dishonest creature in the sea?
a: The Lionfish.

q: What did the suave frog say to the hot frog?
a: You're ribbeting!

q: Why couldn't the NSA go outside?
a: They were Snowden.

q: What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
a: Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.

q: What's the Al-Qaeda's favourite sports team?
a: The New York Jets (   )

q: What's the fastest way to become a general in the Rebel Alliance?
a: Leia Princess!

q: What do you call a fish with no eye?
a: Disabled.

q: Is it cocky to have more than one penis?
a: I think it's two cocky.

q: What medicine do you take if your butt hurts?
a: Assprin.

q: Why do Asians have squinty eye balls?
a: Because Atomic Bombs are pretty bright...

q: What do bacteria eat for breakfast?
a: prokaryoats

q: What sort of cheese do you use to get a bear to go on a outing with you?
a: Camembert

q: What do you call a North Korean Gorilla?
a: King Kong Un  (From my younger brother).

q: Why did the Buddhist monk refuse Novocain?
a: Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.

q: How does a jew celebrate Christmas ?
a: He installs a parking meter on the roof

q: What do you call a woman that is beautiful and smart?
a: An actress.

q: Did you hear about the butcher who sat on his bacon slicer?
a: He got a little behind in his deliveries.

q: What is a gay man's favorite vacation site?
a: He loves to go to Bankok.

q: What happened to the hippy chemistry teacher when he spilled his chemicals?
a: He tripped on acid

q: Did you hear about the alcoholic chemist that died?
a: He just loved drinking PBr

q: Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
a: It only takes one nail to hang the picture.

q: How can you tell if someone is having a stroke?
a: There is lotion and used tissues laying around 

q: Why wasn't Geronimo considered a proper lumbersexual?
a: He had the axe, but he could only grow Apache beard.

q: Teacher: Did you finish you homework?
a: Teacher: Did you finish you homework? Kid: Did you finish grading my test? Teacher: I have other children's tests to grade Kid: I have other teachers homework to do

q: Why did robin williams cross the road?
a: I Fucked his uncle too hard!!!!!!!!

q: What did the chinese guy say to the mongoose?
a: Bing fwong dong 9/11

q: Hat did one prick say to the other prick?
a: Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts!

q: Why do writers always feel cold?
a: Because they are surrounded by drafts!

q: Have you heard of that movie, "Constipation"?
a: It's not out yet.

q: What's the difference between a gay man and a fridge?
a: A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.

q: Why are camels known as ships of the desert?
a: ... Because they are full of Arab semen.

q: Several people dancing around a pen... What is the movie name?
a: Independence Day

q: Who is the richest painter?
a: Manet.

q: Why can't Atheist solve exponential equations?
a: Because they don't believe in higher powers

q: Why are the best accountants twins from Prague?
a: Because they always double Czech their work!

q: Did you hear about the guy that could not afford personalized license plates?
a: He changed his name to JLU 635.

q: Why is the U.S dollar getting stronger?
a: Fiscal therapy

q: You know why I don't have a spine?
a: The French needed it.

q: Chef's favorite personal dish?
a: Stroganoff

q: What do you call a gay indian?
a: A Brave Sucker Best friends dad coughed this one up to his son-in-law that was native american.

q: Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall?
a: To make up for a lousy summer!

q: Do you know what paraplegics can't stand?
a: *that

q: What "c word" describes my girlfriend and why I'm not getting any?
a: Carpaltunnel

q: What did the vowel say when it had to go to the bathroom?
a: I need to do a vowel movement!

q: What's the difference between fire and water?
a: Everything, dumbass

q: what did the man say when he tried to get FREA with his dog?
a: "oops, forgot the KY"

q: What do you call an Irish lesbian?
a: GayLick

q: On Halloween, how do skeletons call their friends?
a: With their iBone.

q: Did you hear about that book on constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet. 

q: How many Australians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: It doesn't matter, they all turn them the the wrong way.

q: Why was the Redditor mad at Reddit?
a: Because it made her wait seven minutes before posting something. 

q: What did the Priest say to the Church of Vegetables?
a: Lettuce pray. 

q: Whats the favored pasta dish among ISIL members?
a: Baked Yazidi............ I know where I'm going after this life :(

q: Why was the Energizer Bunny in court?
a: Because it was charged with battery.

q: Why did Kirk and Spock march into the woman's restroom?
a: They were boldly going where no man has gone before

q: Why didn't the neuron cross the road ?
a: It was Nervous

q: What do call a fish with a Phd?
a: A brain sturgeon.

q: How do you know when you're too drunk to drive?
a: When you swerve to miss a tree and realize it was your air freshener

q: Didn't will.i.am once say he was going to make a car?
a: well.he.isn't 

q: What's green, has six legs, and would kill you if it fell out of a tree?
a: A snooker table

q: How do you get Sarah Jessica Parker to say her lines on set?
a: Rub some peanut butter on her gums.

q: What is Long and narrow and becomes bigger when given a blow ?
a: A balloon.

q: Have you ever noticed that in a pack of biscuits there are always broken ones?
a: I don't know why they even bother putting them in.

q: Who did the dyslexic man sell his soul to?
a: Santa. /cringe

q: What's brown, sticky and runs down your leg?
a: Chocolate Ice Cream in July!

q: What do you call a fruit that won't get married?
a: A Cantaloupe.

q: what's the difference between time and ronaldo?
a: time passes

q: Why was Thor so worried about his hair looking good?
a: because he is a Norsissist.

q: How do you stop your bacon from curling in the pan?
a: ... Take their little stones and brooms away!

q: Why do Jewish bachelors like latina women?
a: Because they like to fool around with Chicsas before they marry.   (A shiksa is a gentile woman)

q: Who makes dinner in a lesbian relationship?
a: Neither, they eat out. 

q: Whats Al Qaidas favorite football team?
a: The New York Jets.

q: Did you know you can order a taco at a Japanese restaurant?
a: I hope you like octopus. 

q: Ever hear the one about the "gay moon"?
a: My son made this up and told it to me today. Look mom it's the "gay moon".  Why are you calling the sun "gay moon"? Because it is FLAAAAMINGGG!

q: What music is good to listen to while having a snack?
a: 8 a bit music.  

q: What is Rihanna's favorite song?
a: "I can't feel my face when i'm with you"

q: Why did the hippy drown at the beach?
a: Because he was too far out mannnn.

q: Why should you always rent, rather than buy, a multimeter that measures ohms?
a: Because it's easier to follow the path of leased resistance.

q: Why should you attend someone's funeral although you know they won't be attend yours back?
a: Because they will be at your funeral in spirit

q: There is a blind guy called Miles, what is the name of his guide dog?
a: Roger Daltrey.

q: Why are there so few Mexican athletes in the Olympics?
a: Because most of them who can run, jump or swim are already in the United States.

q: What's darker than 3am in the morning?
a: 12' noon in the cotton fields.

q: How did Oedipus convince his mom to have sex with him?
a: He 'incested'.

q: where does a queer download his illegal software from?
a: pirategay

q: Why did the guitar teacher go to jail?
a: He fingered a minor

q: What water does Snake drink?
a: Big Voss.

q: What's the difference between an introverted physicist and an extroverted physicist?
a: An extroverted physicist looks at   shoes when they're talking to you.

q: Whats the difference between a cow and 9/11?
a: Americans cant milk a cow for 14 years.

q: Why didn't the buzzard have any luggage on the airplane?
a: Because he ate his carrion.

q: How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex?
a: gingerly.

q: How warm is the inside of a tauntaun?
a: Luke warm

q: Knock Knock. Who's there? 9/11. 9/11 Who?
a: YOU SAID YOU'D NEVER FORGET!!!!

q: Why were the people in the twin towers pissed off?
a: Because they ordered pepperoni pizza, and they only got plane.

q: What's the difference between Paul Walker and a computer?
a: I give a fuck when my computer crashes.

q: What is the difference between a Jew and a Canoe?
a: a canoe tips.

q: What was the last food delivered to the Twin Towers?
a: Pizza. Someone ordered two large planes.

q: What's the worst part about 9/11?
a: getting your reddit jokes downvoted 14 years later because everyone is a crybaby cunt

q: Why are Black people so tall?
a: Cause they're knee grows!!

q: On a scale of 1 to 100 how immature are you?
a: 69 

q: You guys want to hear a joke?
a: 9/11.

q: What do you get if you cross a Buddhist monk and a 16 year old blonde cheerleader?
a: Arrested for procurement of a minor. Trust me on this one.

q: What do you call a Cloyster that wants to learn the move Rain Dance?
a: The clam before the storm!

q: What do bears take at raves?
a: Maully. 

q: Anyone have any special planes for 9/11?
a: *Plans.

q: What is the loneliest number?
a: My phone number, call me please!

q: Why did Mickey Mouse leave Minnie Mouse?
a: She was fucking Goofy

q: Why do 2 bit gamblers never win at blackjack ?
a: Because they can only count to 3.

q: Why is the word "smiles" the longest word in English?
a: Because there is a mile separating the two s'es. 

q: What's a hooker's favorite soda?
a: Mount and do

q: Teacher - how did our grandparents kill time without smartphones or internet ?
a: Student- I've already asked this question to my mum, her 5 brothers and 7 sisters !!

q: Why do Americans suck at DOTA2 ?
a: because they are bad at defending towers    

q: What are the other letters of the alphabet?
a: Nazis.

q: What is a good title for a movie about bacon?
a: "Babe: The Final Chapter"

q: How many dead prostitutes does it take to change a light bulb?
a: More than ten because my basement is still dark.

q: What do you get if you cross a rooster with peanut butter?
a: A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.

q: Who isn't white or black but shows you no color?
a: A Rod

q: What do you call an arrogant robber?
a: a condescending condescending

q: What is the healthiest college?
a: Rice

q: Heard about the honest politician from Illinois?
a: Neither have I

q: Did you hear about the Polish bank robber?
a: Tied up the safe and blew the guard.

q: What do you call a sheep tied to a lamp post in New Zealand?
a: A community centre

q: How much does automail cost?
a: An arm and a leg.

q: Did you hear the one about the German sausage?
a: It was the wurst!

q: What's the difference between a lesbian and a canoe?
a: A canoe tips.

q: Why do bees sting?
a: They can't bite because all that honey rotted their teeth. (From my 7 year old niece)

q: What happens when a Jewish man with an erection walks into a wall?
a: He breaks his nose.

q: What's the best way to figure out if someone smokes Marijuana?
a: Start a conversation with them and wait a few minutes. They'll tell you. Repeatedly. 

q: What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?
a: Boy Scouts come home from camp. 

q: What's Rihanna's favorite love song?
a: "I can't feel my face when i'm with you"

q: What's the biggest Jewish conundrum?
a: Free Bacon!

q: What do you call a masterbating zombie?
a: A Deadbeat.

q: How do you get an Indian girl pregnant?
a: Poppadom.

q: What do you call a car accident between two Nissan pick-up trucks?
a: Crash of the Titans

q: Why are Americans bad at League of Legends?
a: Cause they can't protect their towers.

q: What is a Lumber-Jack from Massachusetts' favorite drink?
a: A Boston Logger.

q: How does Liam Neeson like his martini?
a: Taken, not stirred.

q: What is the most expensive type of prostitute?
a: Whoreganic

q: What do you call it when dolls have a cookout?
a: Barbie-Q

q: What happens when the Batman sees Catwoman?
a: The Dark Knight Rises.

q: What's for dinner Dad?
a: What's for dinner Dad? Is it any good?

q: What did the fireman say when he noticed his hammer was on fire?
a: This is not a drill.

q: How many Harvard graduates does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one.  He holds up the light bulb,  and the world revolves around him

q: What looks like celery, tastes like celery, but isnt celery?
a: Artificial celery

q: Which animal is the best to be in cold weather?
a: A little otter

q: Why couldnt the bike stand on its own?
a: Because it was two tired!

q: What do you call a scouser in a suit?
a: The defendant.

q: How do you kill a one-legged fox?
a: Make it run across Canada

q: What did the Italian baseball coach say about the only woman on the team?
a: Ciabatta very good!

q: Why female sys-admins restart systems more often then men?
a: Because they love those new boots!

q: What did the woman do when she broke up with her boyfriend for her Mexican lover?
a: Go the other guey.

q: Why did the woman leave her overweight husband unconscious in a burning building?
a: Because she couldn't stand him.

q: Why don't hipsters live in Alaska?
a: Everything is cool there already.

q: What do you call an elephant that looks like a rhino?
a: 'Elephino.

q: [OC] Why did the mortgage broker go out of business?
a: Because he lost interest.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a pie?
a: I didn't cum in the pie before I ate it.

q: What do you call a nurse with dirty knees?
a: The Head Nurse.

q: On the subject of jokes we made up as kids, what do you call a group of hams?
a: A meating!

q: What's a cheese's favorite kind of drug?
a: Amfetamines 

q: What do you call a country that doesn't use credit cards?
a: A Czech Republic

q: Have you heard the joke about the man with no tongue?
a: No? Probably a good thing, it's pretty tasteless.

q: Thought of this the other day as a 22 y/o... How do you win the vegetable race?
a: You need to get ahead of lettuce

q: Corny computer jokes? Why was the spider inside the Computer?
a: He was looking for a webpage!

q: Another one a 7 year old appreciates: Why did the anti-terrorist soldier blow up the toilet?
a: He was just doing his doody! (Don't yell at me, I got it from a 7 year old)

q: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up?
a: Because it was two tyred..

q: What is the easiest way to kill a frenchman?
a: Break his neck by slamming down the toilet seat, while he is drinking.

q: What did the robot say to the gas pump?
a: "Take your finger out of your ear and listen to me!" I saw this in a Highlights magazine when I was a kid.

q: Why was the computer embarrassed?
a: Because it has software, hardware, but no underwear!

q: What did the Libyan Dictator's wife say when she didn't want to have sex?
a: Muammar Gedoffame!

q: What do you call two breath mints that were turned into humans by a scientist?
a: Ex-pair-a-mints.

q: I see your childhood joke and raise you mine: What object crashes the most?
a: A kaleidoscope!

q: What are 5 black people in a red car?
a: A KitKat.

q: What was the terrorist's pick up line?
a: 'hey babe, I've got a large pipe bomb and I never pre-maturely detonate."

q: What is a pedophiles favorite Italian meal?
a: Chicken Statutory....I'm going, I'm going...sorry but this is how my brain works before I've had coffee.

q: Why do mathematician never go to the beach?
a: Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan

q: What is Michael Bay's favorite chess move?
a: C4.

q: What do you call an old person trying to fit in with today's kids?
a: A dislocated hipster.

q: How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: All of them.

q: Why did u shoot your wife ?
a: Judge:why did u shoot your wife instead of shootingher lover? Sardar:Your honour, it's easier to shoot a woman once, than shooting one man every week.

q: What is a Mexican's favorite Queen song?
a: "I Juan to break free" 

q: Whats the most slippery country?
a: Greece.

q: How do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
a: Stick

q: What do you call it when a banana eats another banana?
a: Canabananalism

q: What happened to the two gladiator olives?
a: They were pitted against each other

q: What is it called when you kill a friend?
a: Homiecide.... I'll

q: Why would you throw a rock at a Mexican man riding a bike?
a: Because it's probably your bike.  Why would you throw a rock at a black man riding a bike?  Because it's probably your black man.

q: What's it called when you go around looking for stuff to buy that's made in America?
a: Antiquing.

q: If I eat lots of preservatives, won't I live longer?
a: No, but you will have a longer shelf life.

q: What do you call a nautical plunderer who assists with the flight of an aircraft?
a: A co-pirate

q: Why do mules not work as hard as horses?
a: Because they're half-assed!

q: How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's?
a: It smells like teen spirit.

q: What do you call a midget fortune teller running from the police?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What do you call fast food emergencies?
a: Emergen-cheese. :3

q: Did you hear about...?
a: The dad who put gasoline in his daughter's sippy cup? Doctor's say she's going to be fine. She just had a little gas.

q: What do you call a crocodile who always lies?
a: A croc o' shit.

q: Did you hear about the epileptic midget who works at the pizzeria?
a: They call him Little Seizures.  

q: My mexican friend told me he is far sided, I said so does that mean you cant see far away?
a: to which he replied

q: How can you tell a mechanic just had sex?
a: Two of his fingers are clean.

q: What did the conceited man say while he stood on the north pole?
a: The earth revolves around me.

q: How to know she's the one?
a: Jerk off twice and if you still wanna jerk off, then She is.

q: How often do i make jokes about chemistry?
a: Periodically.

q: question about god?
a: if god can do anything can he do nothing?

q: What do you call a terrorist's girlfriend?
a: A Guantanamo Bae Thought of this one earlier and just had to share

q: What's the difference between firewood and a jew?
a: The firewood ain't been turned into ash yet.

q: How did the underage mathematician get drunk?
a: He put his root beer in a square glass

q: How many Jews does it take to kill Jesus?
a: You can't kill a myth.

q: How many redditors does it take to screw in a new lightbulb?
a: Zero. Somebody already did it.

q: Why US didn't attack India, after twin-tower incident, looking for terrorists ?
a: Because it didn't happen in 7/11

q: Hey guys, wanna hear a joke?
a: Reddit servers.

q: How do you keep an idiot in suspense for 24 hours?
a: I'll tell you the answer tomorrow.

q: Who let the docs out?
a: Google. Google docs.

q: What do you call a biscuit on a motorbike?
a: A bikkie.

q: Why is it once you go black you never go back?
a: Because no one will take you back 

q: In a room of engineers, how many does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: All of them. However, it still hasn't been changed because they are each working on a more efficient bulb and thread, followed by a lot of arguing.

q: What's the best thing about having insomnia?
a: Only one nights sleep til Christmas!

q: Has this been posted before?
a: Has this been posted before?

q: How do you know the passengers of the missing plane are alive?
a: A new season of lost is out now!

q: What does a gas discharge lamp?
a: Fart fart fart XD

q: If Terminator had a horse, what would its name be?
a: Termineightor I'll show myself out...

q: Yeah, you like getting choked don't you!?
a: oops wrong sub...

q: What do you call someone who is always disagreeing with their calculator?
a: A chronic math debater

q: Why was Chuck Norris born by her aunt?
a: Because no one dared to fuck his mother...

q: What did the shower say to the toilet?
a: "You may get more ass than I do, but look at all the shit you have to take".

q: What's the easiest way to make a homeless person bleed?
a: Brush their teeth!

q: How many JokeExplainBots does it take to change a lightbulb?
a:  are easily threaded by one person,   with one hand.  Doot.

q: John Oliver ?
a: that guy's so last week

q: What does the sign of an out of business brothel say?
a: Beat it. We're closed.

q: What did they say about the guy who woke up and jerked off on his alarm clock every day?
a: He always came on time.

q: What do you call the foreskin on a gay guy..?
a: Mud flaps 

q: How would Hitler conquer African countries?
a: Guerrilla warfare

q: Why was John Lennon shocked when he got his wife's gynecologist bill?
a: He had misunderstood the doctor when he said "I do probe Ono."

q: What is a terrorist's favorite wine?
a: White Infidel.

q: What to toilet paper and the starship enterprise have in common?
a: They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons

q: What did the soccer player shout to the baker who's cakes kept sticking to the tin?
a: "LINE IT!"

q: what comes after the bar?
a: f. as in barf  because drinking can make people barf .. f could also mean fuck because drinking can make people fuck that is all

q: What do midget's bodies produce more of?
a: Endwarfins

q: Why did the tennis player get her radio taken away?
a: People said she was making too much of a racket.

q: What's easier to get, aids or lung cancer?
a: Depends what you smoke. (Not native speaker, sorry if it doesn't make sense)

q: Why did Aristotle hate French fries?
a: They were fried in ancient grease!

q: What's the most popular search engine in Israel?
a: They surf the Net On Yahoo. 

q: Why are there no transvestites in space?
a: Because there is zero drag.                        Edit:   Q: Why are there no drag queens in space? A: Because there is very little drag and whatever drag there is in LEO is caused by miniscule amounts of athmospheric gasses and tidal forces! HAHAHAHAHAH!                            

q: How did the blonde burn her ear?
a: The telephone rang while she was ironing.

q: What does a clock do when it gets hungry?
a: It goes back four seconds.

q: What do you call a reindeer trapped in a storm?
a: A Thundeer

q: (Quick one-liner joke:) Why are pretty women like pianos?
a: Because when they're not upright, they're grand! 

q: How can you tell if she is virgin or not?
a: Paddy was planning to get married and asked his doctor how he could tell if his bride is a virgin. The doctor said, Well, you need three things from a do it yourself shop. A can of red paint, a can of blue paint and a shovel. Paddy asked, And what do I do with these, doc? The doctor replied, Before the wedding night, you paint one of your testicles red and the other one blue. If she says, Thats the strangest pair of balls I ever saw., you hit her with the shovel.

q: Why did the stop sign get an STD?
a: Because it had a 4-way.

q: At what age did Hitler's uncle try to molest him at?
a: When he was nein.

q: What 3 candies do you find in school?
a: Redhots, DumDums, and smarties.

q: What do you call an all guy Christian party?
a: A suseJ fest

q: What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair.

q: How do you make a Giraffe go to war?
a: You Giraffed it

q: What do you call a half elephant, half rhinoceros?
a: An abomination.

q: What does a baby in a blender sound like?
a: I don't know, I couldn't hear it over the sound of my masturbating.

q: What's worse than lobsters on your piano?
a: Syphilis

q: What are the consequences of smoking weed?
a: The reefercussions

q: What's the strongest muscle on a pig?
a: The hamstring.

q: Where on Earth can you find the highest concentration of Jews?
a: In the atmosphere.

q: Narcos + Sushi thought for the day: How have I never come across a roll called the "Pablo Escolar"?
a: That is all.  You may laugh now.

q: How many psychiatrist does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but it takes a really long time, and the lightbulb has to want to change...

q: What do you get when you sit under a cow?
a: A pat on the head. 

q: Whats the difference between a fish and a mountain goat?
a: Fish muck about in fountains

q: How does Snoop Dogg keep his shirts so white?
a: BLE-YATCH!

q: What's common between a lawyer and an eccentric billionaire with bad teeth?
a: Both have a very expensive retainer.

q: Why is it so hard for an eighty year old woman to pee in the morning?
a: Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese?!

q: Why was the smurf's hat blue?
a: Cus it was sad.

q: on a scale of 1-10, how funny is reddit?
a: Probably banana 

q: How come Mr. and Mrs. Claus don't have any kids?
a: Because Santa only cums once a year and its down the chimney!

q: A little boy , aged 7 asks dad , "daddy what is sex " ?
a: Shocked by his son's question , dad felt that he shouldn't lie to his son . Dad began ," son when a man and woman ..." After a detailed explanation dad finished. Then his son replied ,"Daddy mom said that breakfast will be ready in 60 sex ( secs ) .

q: Why did the baker have sticky hands?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: What's a single mother's favorite dessert?
a: creampie 

q: What did David say when the tourist tried to touch him?
a: Don't touch my marbles.

q: Why can't your penis be 12 inches?
a: Because then it'd be a foot

q: How does a train driver operate a train while eating gum?
a: He goes chew chew chew... creds to my 5yo brother

q: Does anyone know what subreddit "your mamma" jokes are in?
a: Jk. 

q: Why should you never bet on Germany at the Olympics?
a: They have the worst track record for finishing a race.

q: If X-Men and Legend of Korra had a crossover what kind of bender would Magneto be?
a: A Fassbender

q: How does a Syrian family have a meal?
a: The men provide the food and the women do the cooking, leaving the children to wash up afterwards. 

q: What do you call the continuous urge to suck dick?
a: An addicktion

q: What do you say when a robot explodes into pieces?
a: Rest in pieces. I'll show myself out now.

q: (OC) What did the auditors say to the South American shopkeeper?
a: Hello, I'm here to Peru-se your inventory.

q: Why do bees hum?
a: Because they can't remember the lyrics

q: How do you fit 15 Jews into a car?
a: 2 in the front,3 in the back,and the rest in the ash tray.

q: What's the difference between a jew and a pizza?
a: A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.

q: What's the closest synonym to a love boat?
a: A relation-ship.

q: What did the old billy bobs eat at McDonald's?
a: McChicken-killer... Yeah I'm really stoned smoked a chicken killer and ate McDonald's

q: Why do white girls only travel in packs of 3's?
a: Because omg they can't even.

q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean...?
a: I've never had a garbanzo bean on my chest. 

q: What's the difference between a mechanical and a civil engineer?
a: One builds weapons and the other build targets. 

q: Why Do Sorority Girls Travel In Packs Of 1, 3, 5 or 7?
a: Because they can't even.

q: Why did the teacher cross her eyes?
a: Because she couldn't control her pupils.

q: Did you guys know that water can talk?
a: Water you talking about?

q: What Do You Call Fake Spaghetti?
a: An impasta!

q: Did you hear about the guy who ate his trousers?
a: He pooped his pants!

q: What's the difference between a piano and tuna?
a: You can tuna piano but you can't tuna fish.

q: Who ate a lot and conquered Rome?
a: Atilla the Hungry.

q: After being away from Reddit for a day, how do you keep up with what you missed?
a: You go to 9gag.

q: Why did the plane crash into the mountain?
a: Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. 

q: what did the locomotive conductor crave once he became a zombie?
a: traaaiins...

q: What happens when you throw a piano down a mine shaft?
a: A flat miner.

q: What porn do vampires love?
a: Fangbang

q: What's the Pope's least favorite human bone?
a: The blasphemur.

q: Whats do a baby and old people have in common?
a: They both get ditched in the park

q: What's the difference between a High School girls track team and a tribe of pigmy?
a: Pigmies are a cunning bunch of runts. 

q: How can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
a: One you'll see in a while, the other you'll see later. Credit to Mitch hedburg

q: Did you hear about the clairvoyant midget that escaped from jail?
a: He's a small medium at large.

q: Did you hear about the two Jamaican Turtles at the RNC?
a: They were just looking for Michelle Bachman. 

q: What do you call a football team full of retards?
a: Special teams.

q: What comes between fear and sex?
a: Fnf

q: What's a cats favorite song?
a: 3 blind mice

q: Are you're hungry now?
a: Cause I'm Hungarian!

q: A 64 years old male tourist swept away in Amazon river, where did he end up?
a: Local Brazilian newspaper...   

q: What do you call a bread place that doesn't make any money?
a: A Naanprofit! 

q: Why does a chicken coupe have two doors?
a: Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan. 

q: How much business does an Amish prostitute get?
a: Ten Mennonite

q: What's the difference between tuna, a piano and glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna.

q: This isn't a racist joke..is it?
a: What do you call a Hispanic with a Rubber Toe? Roberto

q: Why are there only 49 'Black Miss America' contestants?
a: Because none of them want to be Miss I-da-ho

q: What do you call an overweight Scott Walker?
a: Scott Waddler

q: Did you know David Guetta was French?
a: In fact, I heard, in his hometown, he's also called David BaGuetta! HA

q: How can you tell there is a Canadian in your closet?
a: You can hear someone scooting aboot in it

q: Who's the most popular guy at a nudist colony?
a: The one that can carry 2 cups of coffee and a dozen donuts

q: How do you get heaps of pikachu on to a bus?
a: You pokemon

q: How do you get pickled bread?
a: With dill-dough. Credit goes to a J. Cain

q: What do you do with an epileptic lettuce?
a: Make a seizure salad

q: "When you realise your friend is an idiot" Stories!?
a: Hey guys, I just recently found out that my friend is an idiot. I was talking with him on Facebook and I was telling him about this game that was free online, and he says "I'm on my way to see my girlfriend". I'm sorry but WHAT? well I have a fish tank. Feel free to comment down below your stories about how you realised your friend is an idiot. 

q: What is the political correct term for hipster?
a: conjoined twins.

q: How many gays does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: [removed]

q: What's the difference between a Toaster and Hitler?
a: A toaster can only burn two things at once.

q: How many hipsters dose it take to change a light bulb?
a: A: None they have a guy for that comes on Tuesdays only uses reproductions of antique bulbs

q: Why did the cowboy want a Weiner dog?
a: To get a long little doggy. 

q: What do you call a black pilot?
a: A pilot, you fuckin racist. 

q: [request] Do you like bad jokes?
a: Help me finish with a clean [PG rated] punch line.  More info: Basically, I'm dating and I like to say bad jokes. But if a girl finished my joke for me then I want to be able to catch her off guard and say ... "you like bad jokes..." And then land the punch line.

q: What is Donald trumps favorite street?
a: Wall Street

q: What did Groot say when he had amnesia?
a: Am I Groot?  (Credit to my 7year old son)

q: What's the worst part about being a black jew?
a: Sitting at the back of the oven..

q: What do you call a black person that flies a plane?
a: ...A pilot you racist piece of shit.

q: How many Mexican clowns can you fit in a car?
a: No, seriously.  Cuz I bet it's a lot

q: What did N say to Z?
a: Stand up!

q: How does a jew make coffee?
a: Hebrews it

q: What's the easiest sport to get into?
a: Limbo. They don't set the bar very high.

q: Did you hear about the magician who turned himself into a driveway?
a: You have now. 

q: What do you call a russian with three testicles?
a: Hugh Janikabollokov

q: Why do white people not like playing uno with mexicans?
a: They take all the green cards

q: How do you starve a black person?
a: You put his welfare checks in his work boots. 

q: What do you get when you cross Donald Trump with Einstein?
a: A hairbrained person.

q: Why was the carpenter crying?
a: Because his family got murdered.

q: Why do they bury child molesters 10 feet under?
a: Because deep down they're really good people.

q: What do you say to a woman with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, you've told her twice already

q: Did you hear about the guy with two wooden legs who's house burnt down?
a: He fell on his ash.

q: Why was there semen on the clean laundry?
a: When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, "Please put a load in the washer"

q: Why don't you want to win an award for Best Feline Sphincter?
a: Because it's a catastrophe :-) Yeah, ok, I'll be going now. EDIT: removed explanation.

q: What's the name of the smallest pub in the world?
a: The Thalidomide Arms. 

q: What is the difference between a rat and a person?
a: People don't split in half when you fuck them

q: Why wasn't the son of God worried when Microsoft Word crashed while he was writing his term paper?
a: Because Jesus saves. 

q: Miracle?
a: They say Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.

q: how do you starve a black person?
a: the same way you would a white person.... you racist.

q: What kind of music did the caveman who liked rocks and rolling about create?
a:  and   music!

q: What type of curry has cumin?
a: One where you've been a prick to the waiter

q: AFFLICTED?
a: PEOPLE, I NEED YOU TO BE HONEST WITH YOURSELVES. WHILE LATHERING IN THE SHOWER OR IN ANY PERSONAL MOMENT, DO YOU HAVE AN URGE TO STICK YOUR FINGER IN YOUR ASSHOLE. HOW MANY OF YOU HAVE DONE SO AND FIND YOU CANNOT STOP?  THERE IS NOW HELP FOR YOU. COME TO A BUTTPLUGGERS ANONYMOUS MEETING FOR HELP WITH YOUR AFFLICTION.  REMEMBER: TAKE IT ONE FINGER AT A TIME

q: How do you make a witch pregnant?
a: Fuck her!

q: How do you kill a poet?
a: Give them real self confidence. 

q: Does Batman make this look bad?
a: I personally think it's funny, but it is pretty fucked up.

q: What's the Indian way of saying 'Bread of Heaven'?
a: Is it: A) Holy Loaf B) Sacred Baguette Or C) Naan of the above

q: How do you fit 4 gay guys on one chair?
a: Turn it upside down

q: Why did Loki want the tesseract?
a: to get rid of his tesserection

q: How would you describe sex with a midget covered in sugar?
a: Short and sweet

q: What element can you find in almost any shoe store?
a: Heelium! I'll see myself out now...

q: How many Emos does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None.  They prefer to cry in the dark.

q: Where was the first discovered potato located?
a: In the ground.

q: What do you call a woman who has a lot of sex?
a: Her name.

q: Did you hear about the new Jason Bourne movie, still Bourne?
a: It was set to come out next year but the plan was aborted

q: What did the wise man say to the science class?
a: Many photons make light work.

q: What did the fat piece of shit say when he screwed up?
a: Sorry that I screwed up  .

q: Why was the chef fired?
a: He was caught stroganoff

q: Did you hear about the overweight prison escapee?
a: They say he really let himself go.

q: Are you from Russia?
a: Cause I'm Putin deez nuts on yo face.

q: How often does jet fuel melt steel beams?
a: 9/11

q: How many French people need to defend Paris?
a: It isn't known, never tried.

q: What's the difference between a gay man and a Christian man?
a: One fucks an asshole, the other is a fuckin' asshole.

q: Did you hear about the guy who died from eating too many doughnuts?
a: You could say... He went out in a glaze of glory  (_) ( _)>- (_)

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: ........to get to the other side

q: Did you know that pigeons die after they have sex?
a: At least the one I fucked did. 

q: Who loves fast food?
a: Jared fogle

q: What does a Jewish pedophile say to an 8 year old boy?
a: Hey little boy, want to buy some candy?

q: What's grey and comes in gallons?
a: An elephant.

q: How do you build a boat?
a: Well Im not sure, but I do Noah guy.

q: How many blonde's does it take to screw In a light bulb?
a: 3: One holds the light bulb, and the other two spin the Chair.

q: Want to hear a joke about my penis?
a: Nevermind....  It's too long.

q: What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur?
a: A Lickalotopuss!

q: Why did the hipster burn its tongue?
a: Beacuse he drank the coffee before it was Cool

q: How many Hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: ...it's this really obscure number. You've probably never even heard of it. No big deal.

q: Did you hear about the sheep who's young son carried him off the farm?
a: He was on the lamb.

q: -Why did the console peasants cross the road?
a: -To render the building on the other side. Console Peasants :DD "Shame of galaxy"

q: What does a 1337 pirate call his friends?
a: M80

q: Why does Torque live on campus?
a: Because cross products don't commute!

q: If your mother and your wife fell into a river, who would you save?
a: My mother asked me that question and my father happened to overhear.  He replied, "Your wife, of course." Both my mother and I asked him why.  "Your mom can float fine on her own." TL;DR: My momma so full of air, she floats on water. 

q: Why is the rainbow a symbol of homosexuality?
a: Because there is a pot at the end of it.

q: Why didn't the man go to dat place?
a: Cuz dis-place-ment a lot to him.

q: How much does a hipster weigh?
a: An Instagram. 

q: How do the Jedi imprison Siths?
a: With force-fields

q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue drinking tea?
a: Because he didn't wait for it to be cool.

q: What do you call a depressed bear?
a: Bipolar

q: Have you guys heard about Reese Witherspoon?
a: I Hershey is in a new movie.

q: What did one casual necrophiliac say to the other as they left their day jobs?
a: Come by my place later, we'll crack a cold one. 

q: What did the doubting monocled feminist say to the mourning mammogram specialist about semen cake?
a: Eye cunt bereave tits nut batter.

q: Wanna see an asshole wrapped in plastic?
a: Yeah? Ok, let me see your driver's license. (My buddy's grandpa told me this back in high school the first time I met him.)

q: What's Varys the Spider's favorite OS?
a: Unix

q: what did the prostitutes knee say to the other one?
a: nothing, they have never met!

q: What do call an ant that helps you with your taxes?
a: An account-ant.

q: Why didn't the white officer shoot the black guy?
a: Just kidding he did

q: Why do hipsters never die?
a: Because everyone does that already.

q: what do you call a clean idiot?
a: soap on a dope

q: What's the difference between jews and pizza?
a: Only the jews smell bad when you cook them in the oven. 

q: Did you hear about the African who loved Monday Mornings?
a: He was a Monday morning kinda Gueye.

q: What happens to a jew when he runs into a wall with an erection?
a: He breaks his nose

q: What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg?
a: Between the two of us we can make a lot of money.

q: What did the hoodrats have for thanksgiving dinner?
a: Twerkey

q: How do you make a buff guy talk to you for hours?
a: ask about his routine.

q: Why can't you starve in a desert?
a: Because of all the sand which is there.

q: What's the difference between a catfish and a Russian prostitute?
a: One has whiskers and smells like fish. And the other is a fish.

q: What does the Fox say?
a: The truth is out there.

q: What does it taste like to go down on a senior citizen?
a: Depends.

q: What do Mormons and tweakers have in common?
a: They both ride bicycles and go on missions

q: Why did the dislocated finger leave the party?
a: He felt really out of place.

q: Why are there only 49 entrants in the Ms. Black USA competition?
a: Nobody wants to be I-da-ho.

q: What do you call a black guy that flies planes?
a: A pilot, you racist motherfucker.

q: When's a door not a door?
a: When it's slightly ajar.

q: Hello? Is the Communist Party here?
a: Delete my subscription. I just won the lottery.

q: Did you hear how they caught the guy who burgled Will Smith's house?
a: Fresh prints

q: What's the difference between an oral and anal thermometer?
a: The taste

q: What do you call a black man who flies a plane?
a: a pilot, you racist

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a framed picture of Jesus?
a: You only need one nail for the frame

q: What's the best thing about punching twenty one years olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: What's the difference between Michael j. Fox and an earthquake?
a: Earthquakes stop shaking

q: Did you hear about the woman who drowned in semen?
a: She had it coming.

q: What do you call a pig that does karate?
a: Pork Chop!

q: Why do seals swim in salt water?
a: Cause pepper makes them sneeze.

q: What did the English man say when he walked in on his wife making love to three men?
a: 'Ello, 'ello, 'ello!

q: What song did the gay guy sing on his way back from vacation in Thailand?
a: Goodbye yellow dick road 

q: How do lumber theives offload their stolen goods?
a: They fence it.

q: What did Stevie Wonder say when he found out he was blind...?
a: "At least I'm not black"

q: Whats the difference between seeing a rapist in the daytime and seeing a rapist at night?
a: At night you can only see the eyes and the grill.

q: When is the best time to schedule a Dentist Appointment?
a: 2:30   (Tooth Hurty)

q: What do moths study at school?
a: Mothmatics

q: Why can't blind people bungee jump?
a: Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs. 

q: Did you hear about the hobo who won the marathon?
a: He was home free from the start.

q: What does Bill Cosby put in his garden?
a: Rapeseeds.

q: How do you get holy water?
a: Boil the hell out of it.

q: Why did God make four cheeks in the human body?
a: he made an ass of the first two. 

q: What is the definition of a Yankee?
a: A Yankee is the same as a quickie except you're by yourself

q: Knock knock?
a: 1 Who's there? 2 Allah 1 Allah who? 2 ALLAHU ACKBAR

q: What do you call a bull dick wrapped in a pita?
a: Boner kebab.

q: Why did the short guy lose the basketball game?
a: Because he four feet.

q: What did the sign on the whore house door say?
a: Beat it, we're closed.

q: How many dead babies, does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: ...not 7, because it's still dark in my basement

q: What did the porn star put at the end of their resume?
a: Sexual references.

q: What would Jesus's favorite gun be?
a: A nail gun

q: Where does a North Korean go after he upvotes a thread on Reddit?
a: To the morgue.

q: How do you stop volcanoes from erupting?
a: Give them earth control pills heh heh heh...

q: What's similar between Gump and Trump?
a: They are both mentally challenged and "just felt like runnin'"

q: What's the difference between a smoker and a crossfitter?
a: Most smokers know and acknowledge the fact that they're slowly killing themsleves.

q: Who is the biggest slut in the whole wide world?
a: Mrs. pacman. For 25 cents that bitch would swallow balls til she died.

q: Ever tried 77?
a: You get 8 more.

q: Did you hear the one about the constipated math teacher?
a: She worked it out with a pencil.

q: What were the lawyer's final words to the man who killed him?
a: I'll sue you in hell!

q: What do you call a fat pedophile?
a: Molesterol

q: What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!

q: What do you call a vehicle that has changed gender?
a: TRANSportation

q: Why was little Billy so sad when his friends played on the swingset?
a: He had no arms. Sorry that joke was stupid, let me try again. Knock Knock "Whose there?" Not Billy 

q: What does hippie sex and base jumping have in common?
a: It's fucking intents. 

q: How do you call a jockey falling from his horse ?
a: An Hippic fail.

q: What did the astronaut from AA say in space?
a: "Houston, I have a problem."

q: How do you tell an astronaut where they're going?
a: Straight up.

q: What did the first airplane engine say to the second airplane engine?
a: "Are we there soon?" "Not jet."

q: What's a cardiologist's favourite kind of music?
a: The  step.

q: What do you call a black man that flies an airplane?
a: A pilot, you racist!

q: Why is marriage like thin toilet paper?
a: Because you end up with a ring on your finger.

q: Does your state have less water than California?
a: Drought it. 

q: What happened when the cow tried to milk itself?
a: It was an udder catastrophe.

q: What was the suicide bomber greeted by in the afterlife?
a: A group of 40 other suicide bombers.

q: Why are LED's a good investment?
a: Because they always diode. 

q: why did the scarecrow win a medal?
a: because he was outstanding in his field

q: Do you know why computer parts are not expensive?
a: Because they are micro-cheap.

q: What do lesbians cook for dinner?
a: Nothing; they eat out!

q: Whats a famous piece of shit, that hates mexicans?
a: Tronald Dump

q: What did Jared say when the girl asked him for a footlong?
a: That he only has a 6 inch.

q: How many Democrats does it take?
a: How many Democrats does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None! Because Republicans are women-hating racist homophobes that want to suppress your vote and Fox News sucks!

q: What did the farming professor say to his new students?
a: "Welcome to my field."

q: What do you call a smoking hooker?
a: A hookar.

q: What do Palestinian children dream of becoming when they grow up?
a: Old

q: What do you call your gay Uncle?
a: Aunt Man

q: Where did Sally go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere

q: What's a Chinese woman called with one leg shorter than the other?
a: Irene.  (Normally start this as a two part joke with, "What do you call a woman with... Ilene." Ha... But figured everyone had already heard that).

q: What did Batman say to The Joker ?
a: I like to Fuck Pigs !! Lol !!

q: What's the worst way to convince an officer who's pulled you over not to ticket you?
a: "You can have my beer if you let me go."

q: What's another name for a chicken testicle?
a: Fowl Ball

q: How can you tell when your wife has died?
a: The sex is the same but the dishes start piling up in the sink.

q: What's the difference between tulips and roses?
a: roses hurt when your dick is between them.

q: what did the offensive Subaru say ?
a:  SUCK                   

q: What sexual position makes the ugliest babies?
a: Ask your mom

q: A Batman Joke for Indians - What do you call Batman without a soul?
a: Bn.  (B "atma" n)

q: Why do you never see any Stormtroopers as photographers?
a: They always miss the shot

q: Why some of your hair are white dad ?
a: KID : Why some of your hair are white dad ? DAD : Every time a son make his dad unhappy , one of his father's hair turns white .... KID : I now understand why grandpa's hairs are all white.

q: What do you call a fight between a mexican and a pedophile?
a: Alien VS Predator

q: Why do most movie sequels stink?
a: Because movie makers are basically doing a number 2.

q: What's the difference between a Yankee, a Damn Yankee, and a God Damn Yankee?
a: The Yankee comes to the south for a visit and quickly leaves.  The Damn Yankee comes for a visit and never leaves.  The God Damn Yankee comes for a visit, never leaves, and then goes on and on about how much nicer it was back home.

q: You know what's a good joke?
a: The CSS of this subreddit

q: Why is it illegal for a man living in North Carolina to be buried in South Carolina?
a: Because he's alive.

q: Why don't you see many chemists with master's degrees working with acids and bases?
a: To really understand acids and bases, you need a pHd.

q: Why did Ken and Barbie never have any kids?
a: Ken always came in a different box. 

q: Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
a: Breasts dont have eyes.

q: What's an MLG's smartphone of choice?
a: An HTC One M8.

q: What's a neckbeard's favorite spread?
a: Marm'lady

q: How many Mexicans does it take to wax a car?
a: 1 if you hit him just right

q: Who are the most decent people in the hospital?
a: The ultrasound people.!! lol

q: Why can't you see hippopotamus hiding in trees?
a: Because they're really good at it.

q: Why does West Virginia have so many unsolved murders?
a: There are no dental records and all the DNA is the same.

q: How did Jared from Subway get food poisoning?
a: He ate a 5 year old weiner

q: Whats the difference between a hippo and a Zippo?
a: One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.

q: Have you seen the new karate opera?
a: Critics are calling it sensei-tional.

q: Is your name Google?
a: Me: Is your name Gooogle? Other: No, why? Me: Because you have everything i'm searching for. I guess Reddit is not into being cool, getting laid, and learning what women like using the best pickup lines based on all the down votes. Whatever... 

q: What do hand grenades and wives have in common?
a: Remove the ring and your house is gone.

q: What did the left tit say to the right tit?
a: If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts!

q: How do you fire a Chinese cook?
a: Ask him to take wok.

q: You know how I found out I have a fruit fetish?
a: I had an Orange Crush.

q: What did the white guy say when he found out his sister got knocked up by her black boyfriend?
a: "Well I'll be a monkey's uncle!"

q: Have you guys heard the joke about the airplane?
a: I'd tell it, but it'd go over your heads.... CORNY JOKES THREAD!  OP will deliver knee slappers and humdingers!

q: What take out food should you avoid at all costs in Hospital?
a: Donor Kebab

q: What's the worst kind of T-Shirt?
a: A Casual Tee.

q: In what realm does Thor use his hammer the most?
a: Milfheim

q: What do waiters and prostitutes have in common?
a: Just the tip.

q: Have you ever smelled Moth Balls?
a: How'd you get your head between it's legs??..

q: What do you call blonde girls in a wrapper?
a: Airheads

q: What do you tell a woman that has 37 stab wounds?
a: Nothing, you already told her 37 times.

q: What did the Mexican say when his roof fell on him?
a: Get off me Holmes!

q: Why can't you fight an accountant ?
a: They'll always out number you!

q: How do you change the number of sides in a pentagon?
a: You intersect it with a plane.

q: You know what I like about bathroom humor?
a: It's funny shit!

q: What's Jared from Subway's favorite chord?
a: A flat minor

q: What would Matthew McConaughey eat if he were a horse?
a: McConaugHAY

q: Why is Germany uninhabitable for cats?
a: They have nein lives!

q: What do you call someone who is racist against Asians?
a: Riceist. 

q: How many ADD/ADHD kids does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?

q: Why does the chicken cross the road?
a: To get to the other side!

q: What's the difference between a lobster and an oriental woman run over by a steamroller?
a: One's a crustacean and the other a crushed Asian.

q: What do you call the female version of Donald Trump?
a: 

q: What did the jihadist do when he forgot to study?
a: He bombed the exam.

q: What kind of nuts you got?
a: Dad: What do you call it when you got nuts on your the wall? Brother: Wall nuts.  Dad: Okay, what do you call it when you got nuts on your chest? Brother: Chest nuts. Dad: Alright, what do you call it when you got nuts on your chin? Brother: uhhhhh.... Idk what? Dad: A DICK IN YO MOUTH!

q: If Cookie Monster was going to eat a country, what country would he eat?
a: Viet-nom-nom-nom-nom

q: Why is 6 divorcing 7?
a: Because 7 8 out 9.

q: Have you heard the one about Hitler's speech writer?
a: He is a grammar Nazi.

q: Neo Nazi?
a: Morpheus unhappy.

q: Why has Stonehenge been there since 2000 BC?
a: because it's stoned. 

q: What do you call someone who puts a picture of themselves in a locket?
a: Independent

q: What do you call a little spanish girl that searches for Redditors?
a: Fedora the explorer.

q: What would Voldemort name his pet tortoise ?
a: Voldetort.

q: What goes, "Pieces of Nine, Pieces of Nine"?
a: A parroty error

q: What happens when a lighter smokes weed?
a: It becomes a high-lighter!

q: Did you hear about the new sprinklers from Australia?
a: They're Aussielating. 

q: Do you know why Station Masters are so good at their job??
a: They train them-self a lot.

q: Ever hear about the farmer who bought a tractor with no seat and no steering wheel?
a: Apparently he lost his ass and had no place to go.....

q: Why do Mobius strips make such bad politicians?
a: They can be rather one-sided.

q: Why did the rock band get in serious treble?
a: They failed on a consistent bassist.

q: what is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
a: The holocaust 

q: What does a successful rapping cow struggle with?
a: Moo money moo problems

q: Why is it Windows 10 and not 9?
a: because 7 ate 9.

q: How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles?
a: Trust me.

q: What's a karate experts favourite beverage?
a: kar-a-TEA HA

q: What is it called when you butt dial from your front pocket?
a: A cockadial

q: Why is it faster to download Midget porn?
a: The files are always smaller.

q: Why did the cyclops quit teaching?
a: He had only one pupil.

q: What's the name of that German guy that keeps hiding my stuff around the house?
a: Alzheimer, Grandma. 

q: How many libertarians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: ON WHAT AUTHORITY ARE YOU ASKING? I DO NOT CONSENT TO SEARCHES! AM I BEING DETAINED?

q: How many NRA spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: More guns!

q: Why did the farmer screw their sheep on a cliff?
a: They push back harder.  (Told to me by my NZ step father about Australians, of course.)

q: What do you call a seaside shanty for kids without parents?
a: A wharfanage

q: Why did the late man stand on the clock?
a: He wanted to be on time.

q: What is Bin Laden's Favorite Football Team?
a: New York Jets

q: What do you call the new policing strategy of communities such as Ferguson, Missouri?
a: A shot in the dark.

q: What's gray and can't fly?
a: A parking lot.

q: Why do you never play uno with a mexican?
a: Because they will steal all the green cards.

q: Why does Woody Harrelson's wife call him Moses?
a: Because he Ramparts the red sea each month

q: What's something that you can catch but not throw?
a: feelings. T.T

q: How do you call a car designed for midgets?
a: Half a Romeo. I'll show myself out.

q: Why couldn't the soldier feel his legs?
a: Because his arms were blown off.

q: What does a child without arms get for x-mas?
a: gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet

q: what type of meat does the pope eat?
a: nun

q: What would happen if the BLM people became white lives matter?
a: They would finally be right. 

q: What's long and hard on a black man?
a: The third grade.

q: Why should you always run next to a car?
a: Because if you run behind it you get exhausted, and if you run in front of it you get tired!

q: How does the Ultimate Warrior repair his car?
a: With parts unknown.

q: Where do Turkish people go to purchase their furniture?
a: The Ottoman Empire.

q: what do you call a Canadian alien?
a: ehh lmao

q: What does a Jewish man, an Asian man, and a black man have in common?
a: They all like cantaloupe.

q: What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
a: Walk him and pitch to the rhino.

q: What happens when you insult Terrance on the Oregon Trail?
a: You died of dysentery. Sorry. 

q: What made the world stop being Blue?
a: The new softcap limits

q: What file archiver do Tigers use?
a: Win-Rawr.

q: You know what's a job I could really see myself doing?
a: Mirror inspector.

q: Whats the difference between an illegal Mexican and ET?
a: ET looked better, smelled better, learned English, didnt claim benefits, had his own fucking bike, and wanted to go home!

q: One direction splitting up?
a: My daughter just announced to me she is in d-Niall :-)

q: If Chris Brown played Quidditch, what position would he play?
a: Beater

q: Why do women get so upset when they miscarry?
a: They just can't come to terms with it

q: Did you hear Al Gore's new electronic / R&B album?
a: It's called al-gore-rhythms.

q: hey girl, are you a fridge?
a: cause you make me hard

q: What do you get when you cross a polar bear and a seal?
a: A polar bear

q: How do Italians light their dynamite?
a: With a fuse-illi.

q: What two friends belonging to two different alien species call each other?
a: Brothers from Another Mothership.

q: What do you call a Chinese rapist?
a: Peking Dick

q: What do you get when you throw a grenade into a kitchen in France?
a: Linoleum blown apart

q: What's the opposite of a hipster?
a: A napster

q: What's the hardest thing about rollerblading?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: Why do chemists love bad jokes?
a: Their jobs get a lot easier when there are no reactions

q: How can you teach Jamals and Juans?
a: Just toss em banana, they will suck for it 

q: What language does a Jewish homosexual speak?
a: Heblew

q: What kind of coffee do the Islamists hate the most ?
a: French press

q: Did you hear about the Mexican racist?
a: He joined the Que Que Que

q: What type of pasta is no longer used in Canada?
a: Penny ...

q: What's the worst thing about running 100 meters in less than 10 seconds?
a: Being black. 

q: Name a bird which doesn't lay eggs?
a: any male bird

q: What do you call a potato that thinks he is in charge?
a: A Dictator

q: Why did Jared go to a Goat farm?
a: Why did Jared go to a Goat farm? He heard there was lots of Kids there.

q: What is a burp?
a: A fart taking the elevator.

q: what after c?
a: deez nut!

q: How did Jared lose 150lbs?
a: He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed.

q: Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ?
a: He always burns the franks.

q: What do you call a Mexican firefighter?
a: Jos

q: How does a Mexican cut their pizza?
a: Little Caesars 

q: What did Helen Keller scream when she got mugged?
a: Nothing. It was winter and she had mittens on.

q: What do Paul Walker and Pink Floyd have in common?
a: Their last big hit was the wall

q: What do Mexican jokes have in common with black jokes?
a: Once you know Juan, you know Jamal 

q: What does Osama bin Laden and my wife's clitoris have in common?
a: Took me 10 years to find it, but when I did; killed it! 

q: What do you call two lesbians in the closet?
a: a liquor cabinet. 

q: what did the boy with no arms an no legs get for Christmas?
a: what did the boy with no arms an no legs get for Christmas? .... Cancer

q: What do you get when you cross sriracha, Little Caesars, and a donkey?
a: A hot pizza ass! Like... like a hot... piece of... you get it.

q: Have you heard about one direction?
a: It looks they took different directions

q: What's the biggest similarity between a bottle of Draino and a Danish stripper?
a: They both slowly remove clogs.                

q: How many saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one. But it takes five episodes.

q: Why was the Redditor's picture crooked?
a: Because Redditors aren't known for keeping a level head.

q: How do you call an unfanny comedian?
a: A youtuber.

q: Why was the sun wearing sunglasses?
a: So he could creep hard on uranus

q: How many lawyer jokes are there?
a: 3, and the rest are true stories.

q: How does a ghost defend its self?
a: Kung Boo

q: Did you hear who Deez Nuts is picking as a running mate?
a: Shaft.

q: What critically acclaimed movie did Zeus star in?
a: The Godfather

q: Why couldn't Helen Keller drive a car?
a: because she was a woman!

q: Why did David Schwimmer need ear drops?
a: He had Schwimmer's ear.

q: How do you make an egg laugh?
a: Tell it a yolk.

q: What do you call a group of 5 guys named Curtis that are all wearing matching suits?
a: A Curtis-y flush

q: Did you guys hear about the new exorcist movie?
a: where the woman hires the devil to pull the priest out of her son.

q: Whats the useless skin around the vagina called?
a: The woman... Im sorry

q: What did the judge do to the lawyer who insulted him?
a: He got him diss barred.

q: What's small, orange and sounds like a parrot?
a: An oompa loompa with a sore throat.

q: What do you call a gummy bear with no teeth?
a: :D

q: What does the guy who has been backpacking just a bit too long miss most about home ?
a: A home-cooked shower. 

q: Daddy can I go out dancing with my friends tonight?
a: Dad can I go out dancing with my friends tonight? Sure, but not with that miniskirt you're wearing But dad why not? Cause I can see your cock, George

q: Where does a digital photographer hang his work?
a: On a jpeg.

q: Where can you meet horny girls?
a: Dad! For the umpteenth time there are NO horny girls in this world... Unless they're lesbians.

q: Why was the Butcher depressed?
a: Because his life was in shambles. 

q: Who did they cast as the Hulk"s dog?
a: Bark Roofalo

q: [OC]Where was the pirate when he was hit in the crotch?
a: Menard's!

q: What's the fastest way to heaven?
a: It depends on the flight delays.

q: Why are there so few black hockey players?
a: Because there was no cotton in Canada.

q: Why do Pedophiles love Pianos?
a: Because they can touch A Minor

q: What's the difference between a 'hippo' and a 'Zippo'?
a: One's really heavy, and the other's a little lighter. - 

q: Who was the greatest prostitute in history?
a: Ms. Pac-man. For 25 cents she would swallow balls until she died.

q: What has nine arms and blows?
a: Def Leppard 

q: Why do black people wear lots of chains?
a: It's a habit that stuck from when they were slaves.

q: An old man told me this old joke: What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish store?
a: "Hello, ladies"

q: Are we dangerous?
a: "Yes" replied mother earth.

q: What did one penis say to the other penis?
a: I just want to belong

q: Whats Fetty Wap's favorite restaurant?
a: Popeye's

q: - Hi, this is NSA calling. - Yes, I know. - How do you know?
a: -- My phone is turned off.

q: How many white people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just hire a mexican to do it.

q: What do you tell an Irishman if you catch him urinating?
a: European.

q: Where is my favourite body part?
a: Its right ear!

q: What is a cats favorite website?
a: Reddot.com

q: What's a dank memer's favorite letter?
a: 'A' lmao

q: What's a zombie's favorite snack?
a: Fritos 

q: How do you start a Mexican bedtime story?
a: Juans upon a time.

q: What do you say if you meet someone from Anonymous in an S&M club?
a: "Troll in the dungeon!"

q: When are jousting tournaments most commonly held?
a: Knight time

q: How cops does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, they just beat the room for being black.

q: What do nuclear physicists eat for lunch?
a: Fission Chips.

q: Why do porn stars always talk the same way as they would to a pet?
a: Insert punch line below if needed 

q: What's better than a Spick on a Stick?
a: Two Spics on a stick! Edit* Spelling  R.I.P Title I P

q: How do do you get a Redditor to do what you want?
a: Threaten, "I'll tell your mom!"

q: Whats blue and pretty on top, and brown and kind of a bummer in the bottom?
a: The Mediterranean Sea.

q: What did Donald Duck say to Goofy?
a: I Fucked your Dad !! Lol !!

q: What do you call a far-ranging debate?
a: A mass-debate.

q: What do you call water that hasn't been changed?
a: Still, water.

q: Any funny student council election catchphrases for posters?
a: I made jokes for last years sophomore election but can not think of any for this year. Any help redditors?

q: What do you call a little Mexican?
a: A paragraph. Because he's not quite an essay.

q: What did the homeless prostitute's boyfriend call her?
a: his hobo

q: Why did the mathematician quit his job and join NASCAR?
a: They told him he was good at deriving

q: what's a pirate's favourite letter?
a: you may think it's R, but his true love be the C!

q: Why do people hit things (ex. TV, computer, etc.) when they don't work?
a: Well, it worked with the slaves.

q: Did you hear about the guy who broke into Tiger Woods' house?
a: Took a lot of balls.

q: What does Che Guevara call his house?
a: Chez Guevara

q: Did you hear about the insomniac, dyslexic, obsessive compulsive butcher?
a: He used to lay in bed at night worrying about why he constantly weighed a steak.

q: How many qataris does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just make the nepalese do it.

q: What is the difference between black, morbid and brutal humor?
a: Black humor - 12 children in one trash can Morbid humor - 1 children in 12 trash cans Brutal humor - 12 trash cans in one children

q: How many Canadians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just two.  One to politely ask and the other to politely help.

q: What's the difference between Marty McFly and a Bears fan?
a: Eventually, Marty McFly stopped going back to 1985.

q: Why is Ashley Maddison the best hook up site on the Internet?
a: Because everyone got fucked.

q: What do you call a pimp with his whores?
a: A guard and hoes.

q: What does a Spanish dog say at the marina?
a: Bark-o.

q: What do you call Kansas overrun by pirates?
a: Arkansas

q: Did you hear about the 2 guys that stole a calendar?
a: They both got 6 months.

q: What do you call a town in the middle of the Arctic Ocean?
a: An Iceburgh.

q: How did Hitler react to the fall of Berlin?
a: He did Nazi-it coming.

q: What do you call an egotistical anorexic?
a: A selfie stick.

q: If you blew up Mount Rushmore, what crime would you have committed?
a: Four counts of defacing a national monument.

q: Ever heard of The Mental Challenge ?
a: It's a game where you get challeged to solve a puzzel. The catch is that the puzzle can't be solved and the only way to win is to solve the puzzle. Until then you'll remain mentally challenged.

q: What is worst then the holocaust?
a: 6 million Jews 

q: Why did the kittens turn atheist?
a: Coz their eyes opened.

q: Why has Ten been flirting with Seven?
a: Because she heard that Seven eight Nine's pussy. 

q: How do boats apologise?
a: S ry!

q: Why did the pasta chef take his car into the body shop?
a: Cause it got al dente'd up!

q: What's the mating call of a sorority girl?
a: O My GOd! I am so drunk.

q: Why is a woman like a KFC?
a: After your done with the thighs and breasts all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.

q: Who do Egyptians pray to when the public transportation breaks down?
a: Anubis (If you don't get it, say it slower.)

q: What did the cowboy say as he walked into a German car garage?
a: Audi

q: Why do sailors use liquid soap?
a: It takes longer to pick up when they drop it.

q: What do you call an affectionate island?
a: Isle of view

q: Kid: Hey, Mum! What's an orgasm?
a: Mom: I don't know dear, ask your father.

q: What did the pirate say after his successful pillage?
a: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!

q: You know those before-after models?
a: I'm a professional before model

q: What do you call a Jihad male cow?
a: Abominable

q: Why did the Crab not share any plankton with his friends?
a: Because he was shellfish.

q: What do prostitutes work for?
a: Incum

q: Who takes a shit while they're at a party?
a: A Party Pooper

q: What do you get when you feed an Eevee a sandwich?
a: A Luncheon!

q: What did the fish say when he ran into a wall?
a: Dam.

q: Why are autistic people like black people?
a: They all look the same.

q: Three kittens were on a roof, which slipped off first?
a: The one with the lowest mew

q: Why do felines always win board games?
a: Because they are cheetahs.

q: What's the plural of compass?
a: This one's best if you say it out loud.  What's the plural of octopus?  Octopi.  What's the plural of compass?  Cumpie. 

q: What do you call being sick because of an airport?
a: Terminal illness

q: What did the lumberjack say when his colleague went home sick?
a: Hope you fell better tomorrow.

q: On a scale of 1-15, how bad is the economic crisis in Greece?
a: Athen

q: Do you guys know what a minstrel cycle is?
a: A bicycle for musicians.

q: Why did the suicidal chicken cross the road?
a: To get to the...   side.

q: What do marriage and hurricanes have in common?
a: They both start with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your fucking house!  thanks @Canadianmomma 

q: What would have Hitler been if he was blind?
a: A notsee

q: If there is a hurricane coming why don't we just name it a black name?
a: For all we know, they would probaby never show up.

q: Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
a: He was too far out. 

q: How many Protestants does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They live in eternal darkness.

q: How do the French Train for War?
a: The 100 Meter Sprint

q: What is hard when it goes in and soft and sticky when it comes out?
a: A chewing gum.What did you think?

q: What do you call a funny baked good?
a: a pun

q: What do Reptiles love to smoke?
a: Mariguana

q: Why do indigenous people hate snow?
a: It's white and on their land.

q: What did the Trump supporting viticulturist say Monday morning?
a: Time to make America Grapes Again.

q: What will they ask Jared of Subway in the prison shower?
a: 'Do you want a 6 or a 12 inch one?' I heard this joke on Bill Burr's podcast.

q: How many cocks does it take to make your mother cry?
a: None!

q: Did you hear about the blind prostitute?
a: you've gotta hand it to her...

q: How do you know that a dog is a man's best friend?
a: Take your girl and your dog, and lock them in the back of a car, return in 5 hours, which one do you think will be happy to see you?

q: What do you call a mexican with two dads?
a: No mames!

q: Do you know how the store Menards got its name?
a: A pirate was kicked in the nuts and he went, "Arr! Me-nards!"

q: Why do gay people dress so well?
a: They didn't spend all that time in the closet doing nothing!

q: Have you read that new book on antigravity?
a: It's hard to put down!

q: Are you guys all right?
a: Or are you all left?

q: How does Jared like to play his flute?
a: In A minor.

q: Did you hear about the guy who bought a ring for his under age fianc?
a: Apparently he went to Jared's.

q: What plays in a diamond and eats box?
a: A softball player

q: Where does dragon milk come from?
a: A cow with short legs.

q: What's worse than one bee?
a: Two bees. What's worse that two bees? Three bees. What's worse than three bees? The holocaust. What's worse than the holocaust? Four bees.

q: Why did Jared vote for gore in the 2000 election?
a: Jared doesn't care for bush

q: Why do they name all hurricanes after women?
a: Because when they arrive they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take your house and car

q: What are Hindus' favorite flowers?
a: Reincarnations!

q: Hey, do you guys remember the one REALLY good scene in hitman?
a: Yeah, neither.

q: What's the difference between a white girl who likes to tan and a burger?
a: They both need to be flipped every 10 mins, but only one turns pink when its done.

q: Did you hear about Josh Duggar's cheating scandal?
a: He molested his sister behind his other sister's back.

q: What do you call a black guy?
a: African American you racist fucks

q: Has anyone heard of the potato mail thing?
a: I just found a turnip version, but they do a fortune one, too.   

q: What type of weed does a reptile smoke?
a: Mariiguana

q: What did the black man say to the Mexican?
a: Hey. Watermelawn. 

q: Why is it called Mother Nature?
a: Because if it were called Father Nature it would be a lot more predictable.

q: Why did the cowboy adopt a weiner dog?
a: He wanted to git a long little doggy.  

q: Who is Pitbull's favorite nascar driver?
a: Dale Earnhardt jr.

q: What is a ghost's favorite part of school?
a: Spirit week. 

q: Why did the tear testify in court?
a: Because he was an eye wetness.

q: What did the deaf guy get for Christmas ?
a: A Headphone

q: Did you know the Bible forbids sunbathing in Greece?
a: That means it is a sin to go to Cos and get a tan.

q: What present can you give to the woman who has everything?
a: Antibiotics.

q: Why do fat women always have a cat?
a: In case they run out of food.

q: Why are baby cows considered lunch meat?
a: Because calves are below-knee

q: What type of porn do Canadians watch?
a: Fifty shades of eyy

q: Have you heard of the grammar nazi?
a: He is really anti-semantic...

q: Where does Q come before P?
a: In front of a busy urinal.

q: Want to hear a joke about /r/science ?
a: [Deleted]

q: What's the best part about bangin' twenty six year olds?
a: You get to meet Jared Fogel.

q: Why are so many Italians named Tony?
a: Because when they immigrated from Italy, customs stuck a label on their lapel reading ToN.Y.

q: What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian?
a: Jah bless.

q: Where does a sad chemist find employment?
a: At an apathycary!

q: What's Jared's favorite side dish?
a: Megan slaw

q: What's a dick's favorite song?
a: You're so vein.

q: How do you say "I surrender" in french?
a: "Bonjour"

q: What's the final digit of the square root of 2 (2)?
a: I don't know, sometimes radicals can be irrational.

q: What do you call a women who has had a lot of sex?
a: Her name

q: Why a fruit doesn't walk?
a: Because fruit flies

q: What's Subway Jared's favorite song?
a: Teenage Dream

q: What ya call a lesbian with large fingers?
a: Well hung!

q: What's the difference between Tom Brady and Ben Roethlisberger?
a: Tom wants his balls illegally deflated on the field and Ben wants that off the field.

q: What do you call a knuckle sandwich in California?
a: A fist taco. 

q: What do you call a stingy crab?
a: Shellfish.

q: What do you call a shitty reptile?
a: A turdle.

q: (Neighbor, curious): What's wrong with little Timmy?
a: (Mom, sad): He went to Jared.

q: Why did Jared Fogel have trouble having sex with twenty seven year olds?
a: Because there were twenty of them.

q: Does anyone know the punchline to this joke from the book "straight to hell"?
a: What is orange, burgundy, yellow, blue, violet, candy-apple green, magenta, turquoise, fire-engine red, teal, and ivory . . . and tied up in my backyard?

q: Did you hear about the construction worker who was hired to frame a house?
a: The guy was taking nails out of his bag and hammering them in to the frame, and the foreman was watching him. Every so often the worker would take a nail out of the bag, look at it, and throw it away. After a while the foreman comes over and asks why he is throwing away perfectly good nails. He replies, "Some of them have the head on the wrong end." The foreman takes a deep breath and says, "You idiot! Those are for the other side of the house!"

q: What did the dubstep valentine's day card say?
a: I wub you

q: What's Subway Jared's favorite TV show?
a: 19 Kids and Counting

q: What's the official sports drink of the KKK?
a: White Power-ade

q: Why was the little boy crying at the diamond store?
a: He went to Jared

q: What do you call a Chinese fly with no wings?
a: A wok.

q: How many actors does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 10. 1 to change it and 9 to say they could have done it better.

q: Why don't Jedi Knights use the Kelvin scale?
a: Only a Sith deals in absolutes.

q: Why did the Mexican put hot sauce on his taco?
a: Por flavor

q: What do we want ? Race-car noises! When do we want them?
a: Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww

q: Why couldn't you trust the king of the jungle?
a: He was a lion.

q: Why does the american loose at billard ?
a: Beacause he always shoots at the black one.

q: Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella?
a: Fo drizzle

q: Why did the fianc say "Yes!" and why did the little boy say "No!"?
a: He went to Jared. 

q: Why was Saint Peter so good at basketball?
a: He denied Jesus 3 times

q: What do you call a fake Sony phone?
a: Phony

q: Do you know why Jesus doesn't play hockey?
a: Because he always get nailed into the boards.

q: Do you know why every new bride smiles?
a: Because she just gave her last blow job.

q: What do you call it when two Vietnamese people are together?
a: A Nguyen Nguyen situation.

q: Why should you never have unprotected ear sex?
a: You'll get hearing aids.

q: What was Rudolf Hess' favorite band?
a: Spandau Ballet

q: What's the difference between Jared from Subway's gut and his junk?
a: He prefers his gut when it's down 45 pounds, and his junk when it's up 45 pounds.

q: What's worse than a Jimmy John's full of dead babies?
a: A Subway full of live ones. 

q: Where did Josh Duggar take his first Ashley Madison date?
a: Subway

q: Why was the Dragonborn arrested in the Whiterun bakery?
a: Dough fucking.

q: What do you call a fish with no eye's?
a: a fsh

q: Hey did you guys hear about Jared from Subway?
a: Apparently he prefers way less than the standard 6-inches...

q: Have you heard Subway's new slogan?
a: Aged meat between fresh buns.  And I'm burning for that one...

q: Why did the gay guy refuse to spit in the water?
a: He didn't want to seem phlem-bouyant.

q: What happens when something travels faster than the speed of light?
a: Does it matter?

q: What's the best way to wipe a computer server?
a: A cloth.

q: Where does a dog get a new tail?
a: At the Retail Store

q: Did you hear the Fresno Library is sinking?
a: Yeah, because they keep   from underneath it.

q: Isn't this whole Ashley Madison hack exactly what their users wanted?
a: To get fucked by a third party?

q: What does a bird with an injured wing need?
a: Tweetment!

q: What did the community do when there was an injustice involving law enforcement?
a: Black people took to the streets.  White people took it to Reddit and complained about how nobody is doing anything about it.

q: Why are there only 239 beans in a bag of beans?
a: If there were one more it would be two-farty!

q: Why were the dyslexic lesbians frustrated?
a: They kept trying 96 but couldn't make each other cum.

q: Did you hear about Jared Fogle?
a: He likes to eat a little   fresh.

q: Why did the pedophile lose weight?
a: So he could get into smaller pants.

q: Did you hear about the girl who resembles a rat?
a: She comes from verminy

q: Why did the black kid fail algebra?
a: Because he didn't study.

q: What does Rabbits and Eggs have in common ?
a: Easter

q: How do you please a Mennonite woman?
a: .......2 Mennonite**

q: Why did god create man?
a: Because a vibrator can't mow the lawn! :D

q: Whats the difference between a Jew and a pizza?
a: Pizzas dont scream when they are put in the oven!

q: Why are pregnant women given priority on public transport?
a: Why are pregnant women given priority on public transport? How do we know their child wont be an asshole? An asshole who wont give up their seat to a pregnant woman. What an asshole that person would be. Im not taking that risk.

q: I made 2 eggs this morning and my son ate more than half. How many eggs did he eat?
a: How the hell should I know?! I'm not a scientist!

q: How did president Obama win the election?
a: he ran for president

q: Why are League of Legends players the most skeptical people on Earth?
a: Because they take everything with a grain of salt.

q: Do you know poop is tapered at one end?
a: So your asshole doesn't slam shut.

q: What do you call a porno with conjoined twins?
a: 2 girls 1 muff

q: What did Matthew McConaughey yell at the drive that was about to miss his turn?
a: A right a right a right!

q: Did you hear the one about the feminist stand-up?
a: It's not funny.

q: Give me a compliment?
a: Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?"  Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."

q: How do you get reddit to upvote any sentence?
a: I dont know but saying fucking sentences is a sure-fire way to getting downvotes. (based on the facdt that if you even mention an abuse on reddit in a sentence like "I had such a fucking bad day" is enough to get you a torrent of downvotes).

q: How many tumblr users does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Light is triggering, shitlord. DOWN WITH THE BULBTRIARCHY

q: Why did the clam go to jail?
a: For setting up illegal shell companies!

q: How do you circumcise a Hill-Billy?
a: You kick his sister in the jaw. 

q: Why can't you rape an Eskimo?
a: Because they're always Inuit!

q: Doc, give it to me straight. How is my wife doing?
a: Doctor: I'm so sorry. The accident has left her in a vegetative-like state and I don't think she'll ever recover. She can barely move her limbs, if at all, and will be confined to a bed or wheelchair without the ability to ever walk again. You'll need to care for her 24/7, clothe her, feed her, bathe her, and she'll have no control of her bladder or bowels. Again, I'm so, so, sorry...  .....  .....  .....  Just kidding! She's dead.

q: What's the difference between a pretty girl and an apple?
a: One you squeeze to get cider, the other you get 'side her to squeeze.

q: What did the man who invented the bum shaking machine realize when he turned it on?
a: It twerked.

q: What's the difference between a Private and a Private First Class?
a: Where they sit on an airplane.

q: Why did the lady with multiple personality disorder share her food with a friend?
a: Because Sharon is Karen.

q: What do you call an Asian man blowing another guy?
a: A Brojob.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was run over by a train?
a: he was chuffed to bits.

q: what's the difference between cocaine and a 4 year old?
a: Eric Clapton would never let cocaine fall out a window

q: what do you call a bunny in a kilt?
a: a hopscotch

q: Did you hear about the cow that won the nobel peace prize?
a: It was outstanding in its field.

q: How did Copernicus become the first Polish astronomer?
a: He was the first one in the country to look up.

q: Where does Vladimir keep his shit?
a: In his poo tin 

q: what do exorcists and alcoholics have in common?
a: They both treat their demons with spirits!

q: What do you call it when a cat gets angry?
a: A hissy fit. ba dum tss.

q: [OC] Where do all the cutest electrons hang out?
a: A d orbital

q: What city would you be in if you dropped your waffle on the beach?
a: ....Sandy ego.

q: Why are some musicians so antisocial?
a: Because all they want is tonics and dominance.

q: What do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew?
a: A hit Broadway show. I miss drew.

q: What do Marylanders call their ex-girlfriends?
a: Old Bay.

q: Why did the lion lose at poker?
a: He was playing with a cheetah.

q: What's the most popular pickup line in gay bars?
a: Can I push your stool in?

q: What did the organic chemist use tinder for?
a: Carbon dating. 

q: How Many Feminists Does it Take to Change a Light bulb?
a: Trick question.  Feminists can't change a thing.

q: How many christians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: three, but they're really one

q: What type of gun does a feminist carry?
a: A revulva

q: Why was 1 all salty?
a: Someone told him it was 2's day.

q: What did JayZ say to the theoretical mathematician?
a: I feel sorry for you son, I got 99 problems but you got imaginary ones

q: What's the difference between U and I?
a: J

q: How do you tell if someone is a metalhead, pot-smoker or pro-gay?
a: They never shut up about it! :D

q: What makes teaching gender studies so great ?
a: ready pool of girls with daddy issues 

q: What's the best score you can get on a test?
a: "Not Pregnant"

q: What do we want? Racing car noises! When do we want them?
a: Neeeeeeeeooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

q: What does a time traveller do when he's hungry?
a: He goes back four seconds!

q: What do you get when you cross Hilter, the Terminator, and Cthulhu?
a: Don't stick around to find out!

q: How is American beer comparable to having sex on a boat?
a: It's fucking close to water.

q: What do Harry Potter and Kermit The Frog's penis have in common?
a: Hogwarts

q: What did the train say on the way to Auschwitz?
a: Jew-Jew

q: What do runners eat before a race?
a: Nothing. They fast

q: Why don't feminists carry handguns?
a: Because of the triggers. I'm sorry

q: What does a laser in a church sound like?
a: Pew pew pew!

q: What do you call a woman who thinks she can do anything a man can do?
a: Wrong.

q: Why did the Golfer feel aladeen about his socks ?
a: He had a hole in one.

q: What does a cue ball and a mexican have in common?
a: The harder you hit them, the more english you get out out of them.

q: Hey mind if I try some of your chloroform?
a: Sure knock yourself out. 

q: How do you make a sheep jump off a cliff?
a: Put a redneck behind it.

q: You guys know who holds the record for speed reading?
a: The people of 9/11, they ran through 80 stories in 25 seconds. 

q: Why don't owls make love in the rain?
a: Because it's too wet to woo.

q: How did the group of 4 dogs win the golf tournament?
a: They combined for 16 paws.

q: You know what most people hate about ambiguity?
a: Stuff.

q: Whats the problem with feminist picnics ?
a: None of them make the sandwiches.

q: What do you call two detectives tracking down a ghost?
a: Pair-a-normal investigators. 

q: How did the hipster burn his tounge?
a: He bit into his flat bread before it was cool!

q: What do we want? Race car noises! When do we want them?
a: Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwww

q: What does pizza and vagina have in common?
a: They both good hot or cold

q: What are 8 Nougat-Bits?
a: One Nougat-Byte

q: Have you heard about the movie called 'Constipation'...?
a: No? That's because it hasn't come out yet.

q: Why was 110 afraid of 111?
a: Because 111 1000 1001

q: What do you call a loaf of grumpy bread?
a: Sourdough!

q: What is something a lot of redditors mix up?
a:  and   titles

q: What's the name of the car of a hipster batman?
a: Tumblr.

q: Say friends, why is it tough to play poker with cattle farmers?
a: They're always raising the steaks!

q: Are you constantly in a rush and have ZERO time to just sit around and relax?
a: What the hell are you doing here then, dipshit ??

q: What kind of cuisine did the rude Jamaican serve?
a: Caribbean Jerk. Ayyyyy! 

q: What band does a wannabe join?
a: Rock Band for the XBOX 360

q: What do you call a white grandmother?
a: A gran-cracker

q: What the difference between a Mexican and a bench?
a: The bench can support a family my first post here, a friend told me this joke.

q: What does Mario wear?
a: Denim Denim Denim

q: How do you get a hotdog to dance?
a: You put Mustard on the beat

q: Why do most people from Russia wear track suits?
a: Because they are Russin'

q: Whats the difference between puberty and prostitution?
a: One is caused by hormones and one causes whore moans

q: How do you call a bucket list created by a 16 year old?
a: A Fuck It list.

q: Hey gurl, are you an inaccurate answer?
a: Because that is one-significant-figure

q: What's an author's favorite drink?
a: Tequila Mockingbird. (Yes I know it's horrible :P)

q: What kind of meat does the Pope eat?
a: Nun

q: What did the dyslexic traveller say when he arrived at an unknown station?
a: Whoops, wrong sub.

q: What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?
a: Dam. 

q: Is is best to do your homework on an empty stomach or a full stomach?
a: It's best to do it on paper. 

q: What do you use to transport pittas?
a: A flatbread truck

q: What do you call a dinosaur that raps about life?
a: A philosorapper

q: What did the Middle Eastern terrorist say when he was captured by the police?
a: Oman!

q: What is the difference between a bad haircut and a good haircut?
a: 2-3 weeks tops.

q: Why is the moon so grumpy?
a: It's just going through one of its phases.

q: Could you buy me something cheap for lunch, please?
a: Sure thing, how about the gluten? It's free

q: What did the bird say in gratitude?
a: "Thank", then it cooed.

q: How do you impress a girl?
a: By growing up.

q: Did you hear about the power surge across the street?
a: I heard it was a shocking experience.

q: Did you hear about the guy who ate glass?
a: It was pretty clear how he died.

q: Why does voldemort have flat face?
a: He ran into wrong wall at train station

q: What is black and white and black and white and black and white?
a: A nun falling down stairs

q: Why are glasses required to do math?
a: because you need it for davision

q: Why did Serj Tankian cross the road?
a: because he wanted to...

q: What direction does a Walter White-themed GPS tell you to turn?
a: Goddamn right.

q: Why do you go to a black mans garage sale?
a: So you can get all your stuff back.

q: Why did Princess Diana divorce Prince Charles?
a: She was always told a ruler was 12 inches!

q: What was the name of the pakistani hide and seek champion ?
a: 'amhid'

q: What do you call a grocery store for people with dementia?
a: Question Mart.

q: What do you call a cannibal that only eats disabled people?
a: A Vegetarian 

q: Why isn't your nose 12 inches long?
a: Because then it would be a foot

q: What did the feminist baker blame for all of her life's problems?
a: The Pastryarchy.

q: Why do feminists hate the post the USPS?
a: Cause it's an all mail business.

q: Why are urologists selfish?
a: Because they're all about number one

q: What did the potato chip say to the battery?
a: I'm Frito-Lay when you're Everyready.

q: Why do flowers and beer get along so well?
a: They're buds

q: Did you hear about the teacher who never farted in class?
a: It turns out she was a private tooter.  

q: What's the only thing Gary the gay geneticist loves more than he loves his boyfriend, Bill?
a: Designer jeans.

q: What did the ghost say to the bee?
a: Boobee!

q: What happens when you get hit by a rental car?
a: It Hertz.

q: Where do sad Ukrainians go?
a: Crimea River.

q: Why can you trust a musician?
a: Because he always gives sound advice. Ba dum tsss.

q: Why Mathematics make you a Terrorist?
a: Because they teach what is the history of Al Gebra.

q: Herr Freud, why would you absentmindedly sketch a dick while talking on the phone?
a: Does it symbolize a cucumber? Are you a latent gardener?  - Sometimes a dick is just a dick.

q: Do you know what the white stuff in bird poop is?
a: More bird poop.

q: Why didn't Microsoft release Windows 9?
a: Because Windows 7 ate 9.

q: Why did the student act crazy each time he worked on math homework?
a: He was on crystal math.

q: How does a black woman know she's pregnant?
a: When she takes the tampon out the cotton is picked.

q: Daddy what is a transvestite?
a: Ask your mommy He knows it.

q: Why don't you ever see an elephant in a tree?
a: Because they are so good at hiding! .... except for 

q: What do you call Dubstep on a Mac?
a: iDropIt

q: What's the difference between sand and menstrual blood?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: What do you call a fish in orbit?
a: Trouterspace. 

q: Why is Canada the part of the Illuminati?
a: Because they have 3 ehs in the name. C-eh-N-eh-D-eh

q: Why was the church opposed to fire on torches?
a: It was heat-on-a-stick.

q: So another way of saying a no-brainer would be?
a: A Kurt-Cobainer

q: Why are muscles poisonous?
a: Because my biceps are killer.

q: What do you call a mexican drug dealer?
a: MariJUANa

q: What's so fragile that even mentioning it breaks it?
a: The male ego.

q: What do disabled people get when there's a fire in the building?
a: Left behind

q: What did the gallon of pasteurized milk say to the other?
a: "No homo."

q: What do you call a White Crocodile?
a: A Crocasian

q: What do you call a dead Australian Wrestler?
a: Stone Cold Steve Irwin

q: Do you why I never excel during a meeting?
a: Because I use powerpoint for my presentation, of course.

q: What did the cannibal comedian say as he battled through his steak dinner?
a: Tough crowd.

q: What do ladies-of-the-night do when in their garden?
a: They hoe it. 

q: Q:where do you see yourself in 5 years?
a: A:I don't know i dont have 2020 vision  All credit goes to 

q: What is the difference between a Cat fish and a lawyer?
a: One is a shit eating bottom sucker. The other one is a fish...

q: How many Asians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 2. 1 to change the light bulb, the other to take pictures.

q: What branch of the military did the hipster join?
a: The Salvation Army.

q: Why couldn't Miss Piggy count to 100?
a: Because when she got to 69, there was a frog in her throat.

q: What is the name of Turkey's most beloved actor?
a: Muslim Bale

q: What did the vegan say when he saw someone familiar?
a: I've seen herbivore.

q: Racism Test- What do you call a black guy who flies an airplane?
a: A pilot of course.

q: Why did Walmart go out of business in Iraq?
a: Because there are too many targets. 

q: What did the little cell say to his sister when she stepped on his toe?
a: My toe sis!

q: Where do people send crazy cigarettes?
a: To the menthol institution

q: What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
a: Slap her.

q: What type of condom does Spock use?
a: Vulcanized rubber!

q: Why did the maniacal chemist drop a rancher into his latest concoction?
a: Because the rancher was a cattlist.

q: How did Kobe Bryant go on his math test?
a: He didn't pass. 

q: What do you yell at a Muslim striptease?
a: "Show me your nose!"

q: What did the Ancient Romans use to cut their hair?
a: Caesars.

q: What does a preverted frog say?
a: Rubbit. 

q: What do you call a Roman fighter with curly hair in his teeth?
a: Gladiator. (Glad he ate her)

q: What do you call a ghost who had a sex change?
a: TRANSparent

q: How did Jack grow his portfolio?
a: He invested in beanstocks!

q: Did you hear about the Korean who entered the lottery?
a: He won one billion won.

q: What's the difference between Barack Obama and Cecil the lion?
a: Ones an African lion, the other's a lyin' African. 

q: What do frogs say?
a: Times fun when you're having flies

q: what did stevie wonder say when he recieved a cheese grater for Christmas?
a: it was the most violent book he had ever read

q: Why do girls always walk in groups of odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even...

q: What do the U.S.S. Enterprise and Toilet Paper have in common?
a: They both wipe out Klingons.

q: Why are there no walmarts in Iraq?
a: Because there is a target on every corner,

q: Want to hear a corny joke??
a: Then please, lend me your ear.

q: How many times does a blonde laugh at a joke?
a: Three times - Once when you tell it, once when you explain it, and once when she gets it.

q: Why did the palm tree win the plant race?
a: It was the first to Sago.

q: Why can't Redditors lose their virginity?
a: They can never get further than the tip!

q: What's the difference between a potato and a chickpea?
a: You wouldn't pay to have a potato on you.

q: What does a healthy dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common?
a: A wet nose!

q: Do you know what you get when you mix an elephant with a rhino?
a: !

q: What do you call a serial killing cannibal who catches on fire easily?
a: Flammable Lector.

q: Did you hear about the pyromaniac who was on the dating website?
a: He was looking for the perfect match.

q: What did Putin say to the U.S. and E.U. after invading Ukraine?
a: Crimea river

q: Why did Mickey Mouse go to outer space?
a: To find Pluto.

q: Why are dogs such terrible dancers?
a: They have two left feet.

q: What kind of blowjob does a screwdriver give?
a: Flathead

q: What is a teacher's favorite candy?
a: Thesis Pieces

q: What was Spider Man's major in college?
a: Web Design. 

q: What do you call a family of Orthopaedic doctors ?
a: A Joint family.

q: What do you call a short psychic who's escaped from rehab?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What happens when women have their period?
a: They get easily irritated and they ovary act

q: What brand of car would the Roadrunner be?
a: Jeep Jeep

q: What did one lesbian pirate say to the other?
a: Scissor me timbers!

q: Hamster PickUp Line?
a: If I was a Hamster, and I met a female hamster I liked...id say "Aye Girl, You From Amsterdam? Cause Hamster Damn!"

q: What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married?
a: Feyonc

q: Did you hear about the comedian terrorist?
a: He was Jihahahadist!

q: What do Albanian kids want to be when they grow up?
a: Italian

q: What do you call a cow that can go 3000 feet per second?
a: A bull-ette.

q: How do you catch a runaway laptop?
a: With an Internet. 

q: What do you call a gay man who just got fired?
a: A canned fruit!

q: What do you call a bunch of killer whales playing musical instruments?
a: An orca-stra. 

q: Hey'd you hear about that guy who's half Indian, half Canadian?
a: Yeah, his name is Aziz I'msorry

q: Ferguson? What about Fergdudaughter?
a: Must have Asian parents.

q: Why can't rappers take holidays?
a: They always forget Tupac.

q: What was a positive accomplishments made by the Nazi party?
a: The leader killed Hitler OP: 

q: What do you call someone who has 6.02 * 10^23 dollars?
a: A mole-ionaire.

q: What's a vampire's favourite dance?
a: The vaults!

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
a: Someone who stays up all night, wondering if there is a dog.

q: Why do vultures hate flying?
a: Because they have to pay extra for Carrion!  Budum tsssss

q: How do you say 50 cents name in Zimbabwe?
a: 400 MILLION DOLLARS!!!

q: What does the devil eat in Japan?
a: Sin Pie Edit: TIL There is an actual pie called Sin Pie in the southern states.

q: What do you get a man who has everything?
a: storage

q: Have you heard about that cop that shot the black guy?
a: Which one?

q: How many of you guys experienced this?
a: Damn! I don't have spare keys either.

q: What do you call a Mexican ready-meal?
a: Dinner for Juan 

q: Which director is Hollywood's darling?
a: Michael Bae

q: What do you do if you enter a room and a clown is having a stroke?
a: Close the door and go to  .

q: What did the fry cook do when he found out he was cooking burger patties made of feces?
a: He flipped a shit.  

q: How often do I make chemistry jokes?
a: Periodically. I made one yesterday, but it had no reaction. 

q: What is the difference between a dead hooker and spare tire?
a: I only have one spare tire in my trunk!

q: What do you call a boat full of Karma?
a: An Upboat. 

q: Why is an Alabama divorce like a tornado?
a: One way or the other someone is losing a trailer.

q: Whats reddits favorite tv show?
a: The OC.

q: What does a dominatrix say when she's late?
a: "Sorry I tied you up"

q: It may be illegal to steal kitchen utensils, but what can I say?
a: I'm a whisk taker

q: Why is golf named "golf"?
a: Because all the other fore letter words were taken (Thanks to  ... this now makes sense...)

q: Why are there no good jokes about men?
a: Because they were written by women.

q: What do you call an unemployed classical musician?
a: Baroque

q: How can you find a blind guy at a nude beach?
a: Oh come on, it's not hard...

q: Why don't Baptist's have sex standing up?
a: It could lead to dancing.

q: Why Can't Atheists Solve Exponential Equations?
a: Because they don't believe in higher powers.

q: How does Mike Tyson get smarter?
a: By taking a math gainer.

q: 30 cows, 28 chicken. how many didn't?
a: 10

q: What is Bernie Sanders' LEAST favorite band?
a: SWV (sisters with voices)

q: In the presidential election, who does the elephant vote for?
a: Donald Trunk.

q: What do you call a Russian bovine covered in lichen?
a: A Moss-cow

q: What do they call a list of athletes in Jamaica?
a: A rasta.

q: What can you say about a car and not a girl/your gf?
a: It's easy to turn on, and even though it's eleven,  I still love her.

q: What is the most dishonest fish in the ocean?
a: A lionfish

q: If a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium?
a: Might have been on here about a thousand times.. If so

q: What are Alphabet employees gonna be called?
a: Characters.

q: Why don't you buy Ukrainian underwear?
a: Because cher-nob'll fall out

q: Why are Saturday and Sunday strong?
a: Because all the other days are week days.

q: What does an agnostic man with insomnia and dyslexia do in his free time?
a: He stays awake all night wondering if there's a Dog.

q: what do you call an asian supply warehouse party?
a: A surprise party!

q: What is a whale's favorite song?
a: Shout.

q: What is a priest's favorite candy?
a: Sacramentos

q: Why are indecisive miners the worst?
a: because all day they deal with ores.

q: How many Latvians does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: Is dark. Bulb is potato.

q: What do you call a handjob from a midget?
a: A jump and touch.

q: What would happen if all of the mass in the universe turned into energy?
a: The universe would be light.

q: Why Beyonce?
a: Why did Beyonce sing 'to the left', 'to the left'? - Because black people have no rights...

q: What is the KKK's favorite soup?
a: Clan chowder 

q: How are Asians and Smart Cars similar?
a: They are yellow can they only hold small packages

q: How many polacks does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one dumbass. 

q: Why do mathematicians never have to pay for sex?
a: They find getting sum trivial.

q: Have you heard the rumor about butter?
a: Nevermind... I wouldn't want to spread it

q: Why did the spy stay in bed?
a: To stay under cover

q: What do you call a little girl who's very close to her dog?
a: Nina

q: What do the Japanese call a large apartment?
a: An itssoroomy. 

q: What part of a chicken is a musical instrument?
a: The drumstick. (Had this joke stuck in my head for a while so felt like sharing it.)

q: What do you call it when a bunch of deer have an intervention for one of their friends?
a: Change for a buck.

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
a: Because the p is silent. 

q: Who likes wet cock and hates soggy cereal?
a: A chicken with a water fetish.

q: Why did so many black people die in Vietnam?
a: Because when they shouted "GET DOWN!" they all started dancing. 

q: Why can't Mexico beat the US in the Olympics?
a: Because all their runners, jumpers and swimmers are already here.

q: What kind of sex do you have twentyseven year olds?
a: Any kind you want, there's twenty of them

q: How does a neckbeard neurologist address a Hispanic midwife who can't quit her job?
a: M'doula obligada.

q: Can you help me write this joke?
a: I realized the word chauvinistic can sound like "shovin' his dick" which is kind of funny and ironic....maybe? I think some kind of Jeff Foxworthy esque joke can be made around this.  Any ideas?

q: Why is it that when a woman sleeps with a bunch of men, she is a slut?
a: But when I do it, suddenly I am gay?

q: A mexican and a black guy are in a car, who is driving?
a: A cop

q: Where do male army priests live?
a: On Chap Lane.

q: Why did the fish cross the ocean?
a: Watching the National Geographic channel always makes me wonder how animals like fish manage to travel thousands of miles,and how they know where to go.  Then I realised they can measure distances so well because they have their own scales.  

q: Remember the old times in the Internet?
a: Where men are men, women are men, and  the national security agents are young children.

q: Why is a giraffes neck so long?
a: Because the head is so high up.

q: Do you know what the problem with toilets is?
a: They're a pisstake. 

q: Where do astronauts leave their spacecraft?
a: At parking meteors.

q: How can you tell if you have a high sperm-count?
a: if she has to chew before swallowing.

q: What does a dyslexic agnostic wonder about?
a: Is there a dog?

q: What does Johnny Depp say when cutting down trees?
a: TIMBUUUUUUUURTON

q: Why don't you ever see three mexicans crossing the border at the same time?
a: Because the signs say "No trespassing"

q: Why did the cz-75 get the girl pregnant?
a: It took too long to pull out.

q: Anyone remember this from the Austin Powers commercial?
a: "If you see one movie this summer... see Starwars... but if you see two movies see Austin Powers...."

q: What is a Detective's favourite pastry?
a: The Tooth Hurts Donut!

q: Do you have a small 2$ to spare?
a: Do you have a small 2$ to spare? Tariq is a 10 year old Pakistani from Pakistan who lives in a tiny village and has to walk 7 miles everyday to bring water for his family. Tariq only has one arm and can barely walk because his legs are uneven, so he has to do the long commute on a bike. Unfortunately, the bike only has one pedal. If you had 2$ to spare, we'd send you the DVD. It's fucking hilarious.

q: Why does society think less of a man when he strikes a woman instead of sparing them?
a: Because a strike only requires one ball while a spare requires two balls

q: What did the pirate say when he became an octogenarian?
a: Aye matey. 

q: What do you call a person who thinks every day is Halloween?
a: a transsexual

q: Can I man and a woman have sex while running?
a: By principle, yes. By practicality, no. Because a woman runs faster with her skirt up than a man with his pants down.

q: What happens after an alligator commits a crime?
a: You call an investigator

q: What's Sideshow Bobs least favorite creepypasta?
a: The Rake.

q: What did the Mexican wife say to her Husband?
a: You'll never be president, Jeb.

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and a park Bench?
a: The bench can support a family.

q: How does Dwayne Johnson Party?
a: Like a ROCK Star.

q: Have you heard about the recent discovery about that moon of Jupiter?
a: Although it is very exciting, astronomers maintain that its Loki.

q: Who had the best dinner with Megyn Kelly after the Fox Republican Debate?
a: Dracula.

q: Did you hear the one about the woman with a breast implant made of wood?
a: It would be funny if it had a punchline Wooden tit

q: How are an armless man at a buffet and a kleptomaniac the same?
a: They just can't help themselves.

q: Where did little Sarah go after the bombings?
a: Everywhere

q: Did you hear about the Knock-knock joke champion?
a: He won the no bell prize. 

q: Whats the differance between a terrorist and a yiddish mama?
a: You can negotiate with terrorists

q: Did you hear about the blonde identical twins?
a: They couldn't tell each other apart.

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and a bench?
a: The bench can support a family of four. 

q: Why don't they call the Batman film "The White Knight" instead of "The Dark Knight"?
a: Because no one would care that he died.

q: Why are fishermen so good at geometry?
a: Cause they're good anglers.

q: Why did Vietnam revolt against the French?
a: Because they knew they would Nguyen. 

q: What do you call a prehistoric humanoid who likes to take his time?
a: A meander-thal!

q: What does Donald Trump call a hundred dollar bill?
a: Trump change

q: What did the blind man say when he sipped a frozen drink and was cured?
a: "Icee."

q: What do you call a Death Sentence for a Movie Theater Shooting?
a: Too much to ask for.

q: What kind of haircut does the black judge have?
a: Jury Curls

q: You know why i hate MCU Thanos?
a: He takes such a long time to cum that he has to use a special fucking glove!! ( get it cuz it's taking him a really long time to get to earth )

q: Did you hear about the Psychic midget that escaped prison?
a: He was a small medium at large.

q: What's a dish best served cold?
a: Air condish.

q: How does a solar system have a party?
a: How does a solar system have a party? They planet

q: Why does Donald Trump and illegal Mexicans have in Common?
a: They're both not wanted by the Republican Party.

q: What does Batman ask when he enters a butcher shop?
a: Gotham?

q: How are babies different from feminists ?
a: Babies grow up and stop crying

q: What kind of pastry do you need a thesaurus to eat?
a: Synonym rolls

q: What's it called when two morticians argue for hours on who gets to bang a corpse?
a: A stalemate.

q: What do you call a person who teaches about Drones?
a: Dronacharya

q: When you're cold inside, where do you stand?
a: You usually want to stand at a corner, they're around 90 degree's xD

q: What is a germans favorite passtime at a concert?
a: They jump off the stage to go krautsurfing.

q: Whats Wolverine's favorite genre of music?
a: Metal.

q: What do they always forget to do after filming a season of Game of Thrones?
a: The last one out is meant to get the Wights

q: Who wins between a black guy and a fencing champion?
a: Black guy, because nword is mightier than sword.

q: Where's the middle of nowhere?
a: It's three letters in. "H".

q: How do you describe Catwoman in one word?
a: Purrfect

q: What does a little sister ride?
a: What does a little sister ride? A Nissan.

q: I work as a guide at a zoo. What's your favourite animal joke?
a: I give tours at a zoo. Each tour goes for a couple of hours so it is good to engage the guests and make the tour a bit more fun. What is your favourite animal joke I can use at work?

q: What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese Girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.

q: Why did the Native American curse the snow?
a: Because it was white and on his land!

q: Why do college girls only hang out in odd numbers?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: Why can't you wear shorts in the Ukraine?
a: Chernobyl fallout...

q: How do feminists get away with murder?
a: They won't let anyone finger them.

q: why is there no windows 9?
a: Because 7 8 9!

q: What does Donald Trump tell Barack Obama supporters?
a: Orange Is The New Black

q: What do a marriage and superglue have in common?
a: They both form a bond in seconds, last (ideally) forever, and are dissolved by alcohol.

q: What do they call a whore's fart?
a: A Prosti-Toot

q: Have you heard about the jewish comedian?
a: They say he Israeli funny. 

q: Why did the angles have such high self esteem?
a: Because they kept complementing each other.

q: How many koalas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Only one, given that he's koali-fied for the job.

q: What does all Audi owners have in common?
a: A golden d

q: When does Ronald McDonald's baby sleep?
a: The McCrib

q: What do we want? Low flying plane noises! when do we want em?
a: Nnneeeeeeeeyyyyyoooooowwwww

q: What is cock soup?
a: Chicken soup with balls!

q: Tell me Jeeves, are lemons tweeting?
a: -No,sir. -Well, it seems I squeezed the canary in my tea again.

q: What country's citizens are most affected by global warming?
a: South Koreans

q: What do they call grits up north?
a: Disgusting!

q: What would the headline read if an average redditor were killed by a venemous spider bite?
a: Brown Recluse Kills White Recluse

q: What's an alcoholic's favourite type of Maths?
a: Swigonometry.

q: What does the torch represent in the hand of the Statue of Liberty?
a: The torch is a symbol of her inability to read in the dark.

q: What do you call a fish who went to medical school?
a: A sTurgeon

q: What do you call a fat Irish family?
a: The o'Beses.

q: How were people born ?
a: A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."

q: What do you call a Mexican that's lost his car?
a: Carlos

q: What do you call a fat guy with an unhealthy interest in his mother?
a: Adipose Rex.

q: What does a wife and a tornado have in common?
a: They start with a blowjob then they take your house.

q: How do you call a black man in space?
a: Nasa first called it Albert

q: Hey babe, are you a Sasquatch?
a: Because I'm a cryptozoologist and I've been looking for you my whole life.

q: What do you call a promiscuous woman who travels a lot?
a: Abroad.

q: How do bored cows sound like?
a: Meh

q: Would you like to hear a joke?
a: The republican primary debate.

q: What do Mexican midgets use to cut pizza?
a: Little Caesars 

q: What was the beef doing as he watched the salad dressing?
a: Stroganoff

q: What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew?
a: Harry Potter can escape the chambers

q: Why does it go from Windows 8 to 10?
a: Because Windows 7 8 9

q: What do you call a group of very traditional orthopedic surgeons?
a: Orthodocs 

q: Why are so many gay rights activists mechanics?
a: Because they're happy to take on trans-missions

q: What do you call the 12 step program for people who talk too much?
a: On and on anon. 

q: What's a lesbian's favorite game?
a: rock-paper-scissor

q: What do you call a Black Jew?
a: .....a menorah-tee.

q: What's the difference between what Bill Cosby did and rape?
a: I can't remember.

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife lately?
a: I don't think he has either......

q: What happens when you throw a green rock into the Red Sea?
a: It gets wet.

q: Did you hear that Donald Trump's wife doesn't want him to run for president?
a: She says she doesn't want to move into a smaller house.

q: What happens on the first date with Bill Cosby?
a: I don't remember

q: Whats the fastest way to a women's heart?
a: A Knife

q: How do you call a beautiful feminist?
a: An oxymoron

q: Where do Polar Bears keep their money?
a: In the Snowbank.  My first post is a dad joke LOL

q: what is worse than locking your keys in your car parked at planned parent hood?
a: going inside to borrow a coat hanger

q: Did you hear about the chicken who liked classical music?
a: I swear it was all he talked about. He would go on and on. "Bach, Bach, Bach"!

q: What is Hitler's least favorite letter?
a: The gas bill.

q: Have you heard about corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines. ..I'll show myself out.

q: What do you call a starting indie dev?
a: No Game No Life

q: What's the difference between a puppy and a kernel of corn?
a: Nothing. They both explode when nuked in the microwave.

q: Why do white girls like odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What did the pirate say when he saw the dank meme?
a: arrr lmao

q: What do you call someone who hates cold weather?
a: A southerner

q: Did you hear about the overweight introvert who thought he had won the hot dog eating contest?
a: Turns out he was just a bit shy. 

q: Why did the whale cross the road?
a: To get to the other tide.

q: What did transferred epithet tell hyperbole?
a: Calm your tits, bro

q: Why did Johnny drop his ice cream?
a: Because he got hit by a truck!

q: Do you remember that time you met Bill Cosby?
a: No? Add another one to the list!

q: What's the difference between a large pizza and a bass guitarist?
a: A large pizza can feed a family of four!

q: What is the name of Woody Woodpecker's girlfriend?
a: Suzie Splintercunt.

q: You know what I don't get?
a: Laid.

q: What do you call a group of kangaroos?
a: A Kangacrew

q: Why was President Banana of Zimbabwe elected?
a: He had great appeal.

q: What do you call an anorexic girl with a yeast infection?
a: Quarter-pounder with cheese

q: Why do orphans like playing tennis?
a: Because its the only love they get.

q: What do you do if you get bit by something poisonous?
a: Don't bite it back in retaliation.

q: What's the definition of a great farmer?
a: He's outstanding in his field.

q: Why did Sally drop her ice cream while crossing the street?
a: She got hit by a Bus.

q: What did the test tube baby ask its father?
a: Am I a jerk off?

q: What's brown, dirty, and sticky?
a: A stick

q: What's the last thing a Tickle-Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory?
a: Two test-tickles!

q: What kind of person are you if you open the door from the bottom of the door?
a: A low-key person

q: What do you call two men hanging from a window sill?
a: Kurt and Rod

q: why are grills so hot?
a: becuase they burn fat

q: How did the constipated mathematician solve his problem?
a: He worked it out with a pencil!

q: What's red and smells like yellow paint?
a: Red paint

q: What's the difference between anal sex and oral sex?
a: Oral sex makes your whole day. Anal sex makes your hole weak. 

q: What's square-shaped and yellow?
a: A yellow box

q: Why do priests have lots of kids?
a: They always use the holy condoms.

q: What does it sound like when two churches fight?
a: Pew Pew PEWPEWPEW!!!

q: Why does the internet always mourn the death of politicians?
a: Because they are always lion about everything.

q: What did the man with five penises say?
a: These underpants fit like a glove!

q: What is the thinnest book in the world?
a: What Men Know About Women

q: What do you give a losing horse with lockjaw?
a: A new jaw-key

q: What's the difference between dog food and a hot dog?
a: I have no idea...

q: Why can't you see elephants hiding in trees?
a: They're really good at it

q: What's the first thing a redneck buys when going to a family reunion?
a: Condoms.

q: What do you call a Grizzly Bear with no teeth?
a: A Gummy Bear!

q: Why was the farmer disappointed when he tried to marry his prized melon?
a: Because the minister wouldn't marry the two, since a melon can't elope!

q: What's the difference between a doctor and a chair salesman?
a: The chair salesman gives YOU a stool sample.

q: What's a dog's favorite chip?
a: Ruffles :)

q: What's the Difference Between Roast Beef and Pea Soup?
a: Anyone can roast beef.

q: What are cats favorite Internet Service provider?
a: Comcat.

q: What do you call a vegan zombie?
a: A no-brainer.

q: What do you call a girl with braces?
a: A Black & Decker Pecker Wrecker

q: Why did the otter want to work at NASA?
a: So he could go to Otter Space.

q: What's blue and doesn't fit anymore?
a: A dead epileptic.

q: Who is a KKK members favorite superhero?
a: The White Power Ranger

q: What do you call a cup with a Confederate flag on it?
a: A Hiccup!  Get it? Hick-cup?

q: What do you call that gnarly smell around cow pastures?
a: DAIRY-AIR!

q: What do you call a superhero-duo run over by a steam roller?
a: Flatman and Ribbon.

q: What do you call it when Oxygen and Nitrogen train at the gym together?
a: Air conditioning 

q: What does idk stand for?
a: Literally everyone I ask doesn't know.

q: How do you package a 21st century classical jazz singer?
a: Buble wrap  Sorry 

q: Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the toilet?
a: Because the P is silent.

q: How many theoretical physicists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to hold it in place, another to rotate the universe around it.

q: Why did microsoft go straight to windows 10 ?
a: They were trying to keep their german market.

q: Is it considered sexual assault to masturbate while cyber bullying?
a: If so, I owe a pretty heartfelt apology to some members of PlaystationNetwork.

q: Has anyone had a glass of F5 lately?
a: It's so refreshing.

q: How do you spot a egocentric vocalist?
a: They warm up singing, 'Mi, mi, mi.... Mi!'

q: You know they say the same thing about Bill Cosby and Mexico?
a: Don't drink the water.

q: What do, you call a handicapped person with a, vasectomy?
a: A seedless, vegetable.

q: How does an Alcoholic teach the ABC's to their children?
a: Backwards.

q: Whats wrong with four black people in a Cadillac driving off a cliff?
a: The Cadillac seats five.

q: What did the duck say to the cashier after she purchased some lipstick?
a: "Just put it on my bill"

q: Why did microsoft go directly to windows 10?
a: Because windows 7 8 9

q: Did you see the joke written on recycled paper?
a: It was tearable

q: What is the difference between a wife and a parasite?
a: At least a parasite won't leave you for someone else after sucking everything out of you.

q: Why do software developers make the best relationship partners?
a: because they're not afraid of committing.

q: How did Arnie convince his wife to move in with him?
a: "Live vit me if you vant to cum"

q: Why did the pig quit running the the marathon?
a: He had a problem with his hamstring.

q: What kind of gas supports violence?
a: pro-pain

q: Why don't rabbits make any noise when they have sex?
a: Because they have cotton balls

q: What reddit page has that link/picture you're looking for?
a: The next page.

q: How does a Jew make beer?
a: He brews.

q: What is faster? Hot or Cold?
a: Hot. Because you can catch a cold.

q: The worst part about being told you have Alzheimer's?
a: It doesn't just happen the once. And I'll be posting this again later. If I remember.

q: What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws ?
a: Outlaws are wanted

q: Who's a Dinosaurs least favorite reindeer?
a: Comet

q: Did you hear what the ridiculous fraction ordered for lunch?
a: I don't know either but I heard she tried to halve split-pea soup and pay with a quarter. 

q: Have you ever seen Gregor Clegane fight?
a: It'll blow your mind.  . . . . I'm sorry.

q: Hypochondria?
a: I think I have that!

q: What do you call traffic in The Czech Republic?
a: Praguetory

q: What's 12 inches long and snaps a cunt?
a: A selfie stick 

q: why was 6 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 is a registered 6 offender

q: So, did you hear about the first monkey to be allowed to vote?
a: Apparently people are getting mad about this, saying the monkey will be too stupid to vote. But, I don't know why people have a problem with this. I mean you already allow Republicans to vote.

q: What is worse than blacking out after a crazy night and losing money?
a: Blacking out and gaining money.

q: Have you ever eat a clock?
a: Its very time consuming.

q: What do you call memories of old Playstation?
a: Sony-stalgia

q: What's heavier, 200 pounds of bricks or 200 pounds of feathers?
a: Your mother.

q: how many chefs does it take to change a,light bulb ?
a: one to do it, and five others to tell him how they did it differently in their last kitchen. 

q: What did the Cherokee-Polish couple name their firstborn?
a: Running Stupid

q: What do you call a tea knight?
a: A vigilan-tea

q: Why is pound cake called pound cake?
a: Because it pounds your anus!

q: Where will you find the most powerful man in Los Angeles?
a: Watts.

q: Did you hear about the guy that died of a Viagra overdose?
a: They couldn't close his coffin

q: What is the most fascist letter?
a: Not C

q: Hear about the guy that built a car out of a bank vault?
a: He wanted to be a safe driver.

q: (Best New Pick Up Line) How much does a polar bear weigh?
a: Like a thousand pounds. Read a fuckin' book. 

q: What do they call cunnilingis in India?
a: A punjob.

q: What do amputees and cricket have in common?
a: Stumps

q: What do you call a bee that gets engaged?
a: A Beyonc. 

q: What's heavier, 200 pounds of bricks, or 200 pounds of feathers?
a: The feathers, because 200 pounds of bricks is just 200 pounds of bricks, but with the feathers, you've also got to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds

q: Did you hear about the hunting rule change?
a: It's a game changer.

q: What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
a: About halfway

q: Why don't blind people go bungee jumping?
a: Cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs.

q: What's a traffic cop's favorite kind of sweater?
a: A pull over.

q: What's bad about being a Black Jew?
a: They have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: How do dentists like their eggs?
a: Poached.

q: Why was the Dark Age dark?
a: Because there were too many knights....

q: Did you hear about the recent earthquake research?
a: The information is groundbreaking

q: What do you get if you share your Earbuds with all your friends?
a: Hearing AIDS.

q: What is Minion's favourite brand?
a: Banana Republic~BA~NA ~

q: Did you hear about the constipated math teacher?
a: He had to work it out with a pencil.

q: What instrument does Mother Earth play?
a: The Qatar.

q: What's another name for a necrophile?
a: A dissexual. 

q: Have you heard of the film constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: What happened to the cow who jumped over the barb wire fence?
a: Udder destruction

q: Where does a race on the Swedish border end at?
a: The Finnish line.

q: How do you brainwash a liberal?
a: Give him an enema

q: What's the difference between rubber balls and steel balls?
a: Caitlyn Jenner doesn't like to steel balls before she comes

q: What do you call the useless bit of skin at the end of a penis?
a: A Man.

q: Why did the termite got divorced?
a: Because she ate the secretary.

q: Where does Napoleon keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies

q: What did the pirate say when his wooden leg got stuck in the freezer?
a: Shiver me timbers!

q: What's the most sought after ball in Biopsy Bingo?
a: B9

q: Why can't melons get married?
a: Because they cantaloupe. 

q: You prefer white wine over red?
a: For god's sake, try and see the world with some claret-y

q: what do you call a sad ditch?
a: a depression.

q: How did the police determine which turtle ate the diamond ring?
a: They conducted an in-turtle investigation.

q: What's blonde and intelligent?
a: A golden retriever

q: What did the ill kitty say to the playful puppy?
a: "Not right meow, I have a headache."

q: What do you call data on a Pediatricians computer?
a: Pedi-files

q: What is Titus Pullo's Sandal Size?
a: THIRTEEN!

q: Why did the ghost go to jail?
a: He got arrested for possession.

q: What's the difference between a knife and a feminist?
a: A knife has a point.

q: Did you hear about the Chinese military general who deserted his position during a time of war?
a: It was General Tso, and he will always be known as a chicken

q: Have you heard of the man from DeMizes?
a: His balls were of two different sizes. One ball was so small, there was no ball at all. The other so large it won prizes.

q: How do you know if a hippo is in your oven?
a: The door won't close

q: Why does a honeymoon only last 7 days?
a: Because 7 days makes a hole weak

q: What's the difference between an onion and a prostitute ?
a: I don't cum when the onion cries and begs for mercy as I cut it up.

q: What sound does a baby make when you put it in a microwave?
a: I don't know....I was too busy masterbating. 

q: How did the detective know the Necrophile Killer was a hipster?
a: He fucked his victims before they were cool.

q: [Serious] Have any animals besides humans been shown to exhibit humor in their social interactions?
a: Looking for anyone with specific knowledge of this. Any zoolologists out there?

q: What did Lewis and Clark only have one sack of on their expedition?
a: Jawea 

q: Why are lawyers buried 18 feet deep when they die?
a: Because deep down they're all actually good people.

q: What is Bruce Jenner's nephew's favorite movie?
a: Aunt Man

q: You know what Schwarzenegger is up to these days?
a: He's an exterminator.

q: whats the difference between a woman and a computer?
a: a woman wont accept a 3 1/2 inch floppy.

q: What do a walrus and Tupperware have in common?
a: Both looking for a tight seal.

q: What do you call a sheep giving birth in a bedroom?
a: Bedlam

q: What kind of jeans do Mario and Luigi wear?
a: Denim denim denim!

q: What do you call a mushroom who strongly believes in radical Islamism?
a: a fungimentalist

q: What do Sting and a prostitute have in common?
a: They both stop sucking when the police show up.

q: How does Walter Palmer like his eggs?
a: Poached. Thank you, I'm here all week. EDIT: this got no upvotes and I don't think it deserved any 

q: What are goosebumps for?
a: To slow down speeding geese!

q: Why did we skip windows 9?
a: Because 7 8 9 I'm so sorry

q: What's the difference between eating pussy and eating apple pie?
a: You can eat your mom's apple pie.

q: Did you hear about the grizzly who didn't like his daughter wearing a crop top?
a: He disapproved of her exposing her bear midriff.

q: What comes after huehuehue?
a: satsatsat lumlumlum

q: Mirror mirror on the wall, what is the fairest element of them all?
a: Iron

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and God?
a: God doesn't think he's a lawyer.

q: How do you know when a politician is lying?
a: Their mouth is moving.

q: What do you call a white girl who can run faster than her brothers?
a: A redneck virgin.

q: When's a dentist's favorite time?
a: 40 hours

q: Did you hear about the 2 guys that stole the calendar?
a: .................they both got 6 months.

q: What's the difference between a dentist and Jimmy Savile?
a: Savile killed a lot more 12 year old pussy.

q: How many figures does a stripper make?
a: I don't know, but it's not a father figure.

q: What's the difference between an old cat and a little kitten?
a: An old cat will bite and scratch, but a little pussy never hurt anybody.

q: Where can you go to fill all of your rhino related needs?
a: Rhinos R Us

q: What is the difference between sack of dead babys and ferrari ?
a: I don't have Ferrari in my garage.

q: What to Bill Cosby and Peter Pan have in common?
a: Rufi-ooooooo!

q: Why do they run the credits at the beginning of Game of Thrones?
a: Because you don't know who is going to make it to the end.

q: what do you call a girl on a swing with no arms?
a: what do you call a girl on a swing with no arms? Sarah. Knock Knock... Whos there? Not Sarah

q: Why did they skip Windows 9?
a: Because 7 8 9!

q: What u call a Jewish Asian?
a: Japplebaum. 

q: What do you call a poor photographer who works for a tabloid?
a: A Pauperazzi

q: What did the zoophile scientist say to his assistant?
a: If you need me I'll be in my lab

q: What disease causes people to swear at the dinner table?
a: Gilles de la gourmette

q: What do you call a nun on the run?
a: A ROMAN CATHOLIC! 

q: What do you call a bee that produces milk?
a: A boob bee.

q: How do you turn fruits into vegetables?
a: Drive a bus through a pride parade

q: What soft drink did Hitler ban during WWII?
a: Mountain Jew.

q: How do you make a woman scream?
a: You fuck her in the ass. How do you make her scream again? You wipe your dick off with the drapes. 

q: What shoes do pedophiles wear?
a: White Vans

q: What did the pirate say to the flying prostitute?
a: Land ho!

q: What's the difference between a man who owns a gun and a man who owns a bank?
a: A man with a gun can rob a bank.  A man with a bank can rob the world.  (Disclaimer: reword of someone else's post to FB today.)

q: What do you say when you friendzone a brony?
a: Friendship is magic.

q: Why don't dwarfs smoke pipe weed?
a: Because it slows their 

q: What do tasty weiner's and attractive bitches have in common?
a: They are both hot dogs.

q: What is a Coronal Mass Ejection?
a: I might be wrong here, but I think it's when you throw up after drinking too much Mexican beer. 

q: What do sex and air have in common?
a: They're no big deal unless you aren't getting any.  

q: What is yellow and cant swim?
a: An excavator. Why? It only has one arm.

q: Why was the Mathematician frowned upon?
a: He was a chronic math-debater

q: Did you hear about the Chinese Chef who broke out of jail?
a: Apparently he went out for a wok and never came back.

q: What is white and disturbs your breakfast?
a: An avalanche

q: Why do rappers love weed so much?
a: Because the majority of their relatives used to pick it

q: Why is it called Justice League of America?
a: Do they follow territorial boundaries?  If the Kaos Kommandos start a brawl in El Paso and it rolls over into Juarez, do they say "screw it, let Justice League of Mexico handle it"? (Sorry if this isn't technically a joke; it was my shower thought this morning and I thought it was funny.)

q: What's white and smells like black paint?
a: White paint

q: What does a redneck do when he misses his girlfriend?
a: Reload, take better aim.

q: How often do I tell chemistry jokes?
a: Periodically 

q: Did you know lotr could have come out a lot earlier?
a: Only problem was no one knew what the writer was Tolkien about

q: How big of a difference is there between the male and female reproductive system?
a: There's a vas deferens.

q: What Did Superman Tell Superwoman?
a: Do you want to be in my Crib Tonight (Kryptonite)

q: How do you get 20 Jews in a car?
a: Throw a dollar in! How do you get them out? Tell them it's a taxi!

q: Why was 10 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 (eight) 9

q: Possessed by a demon? Need help?
a: A 30-minute cardio exorcise should do the trick!

q: Scientists say they are working on bringing back the wholly mammoth. But at what cost?
a: ...per pound?

q: What's a Muslims favourite animal?
a: Its Lamb

q: Who reads the news AND makes coffee?
a: Katie Keurig. (I know the setup might need some work but I just like the punchline I made up.)

q: Damn girl are you playboy magazine?
a: Cause holy fuck you have a pile of issues

q: How do Harry Potter fans flirt?
a: Hey baby, mind if I   ? ;)

q: Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions?
a: I know I do. 

q: What do you call a security guard in a jumping castle?
a: A Bouncer

q: Thoughts on "The Hunt for Red October"?
a: oops, wrong sub.

q: What did the Ocean say to the Beach?
a: Nothing, it just waved... Prolly my favorite joke of all time, maybe ever.

q: My dog has no nose. How does it smell?
a: Awful

q: Why is there no gambling in Africa?
a: Too many cheetahs. 

q: Why did the bear eat his own arms?
a: They were made of honey.

q: You know what sucks about being an agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
a: You end up staying awake all night wondering if there is a dog

q: What's an elephant's most sexual organ?
a: It's foot. Because if it stands on you you're fucked.

q: What do you call a Muslim standing between two buildings?
a: Ali

q: What do Rick Astley and a loyal partner in crime have in common?
a: They'd both probably get raped in prison.

q: What's the difference between a black and a white fairytale?
a: What's the difference between a black and a white fairytale? White begins, "once upon a time," black begins, "y'all motherfuckers ain't gonna believe dis shit!"

q: What's Ronald Reagan's favorite vegetable?
a: James Brady

q: Who's your favorite comedian?
a: Friend: who's your favorite comedian Me:Donald Trump Friend:why? Me:Everybody knows Donald trump is a joke

q: What do you call it when a ninja keeps something to himself?
a: A sneakret.

q: What did the CN tower say to the clouds???
a: Only the tip baby, I promise!

q: What do you call a ring of iron atoms?
a: A ferrous wheel.

q: Did you hear about the baby that was born in a high tech. hospital?
a: It came out cordless!

q: What's an epileptic persons favorite appetizer?
a: Seizure Salad.

q: What is the Islamic State's favourite frozen dessert?
a: Choc ISIS :D

q: What's so difficult about being a camera man in the porn industry?
a: Recording with one hand..

q: What do warm toilet seats and pussy have in common?
a: They both feel nice but you never know who's been there first

q: Heard a great black joke today. Have you guys heard the one about the honest hard working black guy?
a: Me neither.

q: How do they call women that don't suck dick?
a: They don't call them at all.

q: What is a great way to baby-proof a house?
a: Condoms

q: How did Moses make his tea in the morning?
a: Hebrewed it.

q: Howdeepisthepool?
a: He had too much to drink before he went swimming!

q: What is a difference between acne and a catholic priest?
a: Acne actually comes on a boys face after he turns 12

q: What fabric is Mario's overalls?
a: Denim denim denim.

q: What's a poops favorite color?
a: Turdquoise

q: Who is the funniest American politician?
a: Hillarious Clinton

q: What do you call a fragile camera?
a: A glass Canon.

q: Why did the blonde move to California?
a: To be a star on Broadway Creds to That 70's Show S04 E6

q: Whats the difference between a diamond player and a master player in League of Legends?
a: About 1400 dollars

q: What did the Jihad name his concession stand?
a: "Allahu Snackbar!"

q: Which is the best side of a banana to eat?
a: The Inside...

q: Why does Trump hate McCain so much?
a: He heard McCain stayed in a Hilton for 5 years.

q: What is the biggest plot twist in spanish soap operas?
a: When Rodrigo finds out he is his own mother

q: Pepsi?
a: Pep .

q: What is the difference between a fridge and a pussy?
a: The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.

q: How can you tell when a girl is vegan?
a: She'll tell you

q: Why don't kleptomaniacs get jokes?
a: Because they take everything literally. 

q: Why did the Turkey cross the road?
a: Because he was Trans-Chicken

q: Why do push up bras not work for some girls?
a: Because 0x0 is always 0.

q: What do you call it when someone is mistaken about you having a penis?
a: A phallusy

q: How can you tell if someone is an entrepreneur?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you

q: What do you call a disaster that only affected shopping malls?
a: A catashopic.

q: Why should you never stand behind Elsa from Frozen?
a: You never know when she'll Let it Go.

q: Why were all the numbers afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 8 9.

q: Where do French lawyers like to relax?
a: The J'accusi

q: Knock-knock. Who's there?
a: No, he's on first.

q: What is the most searched word on Bing?
a: Google.

q: What is green and smells like paint?!?
a: Green paint.

q: A Spaniard, an Irish man, and a Greek go into a brothel. Who pays?
a: Germany

q: What do you call a snail on a ship?
a: A snailor. hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

q: Why didn't Thor like the party?
a: It was too Loki.

q: What do you call a fight between an Illegal Immigrant and a Pedophile?
a: Alien vs Predator

q: What do you call a self absorbed lobster?
a: A little shellfish! I'll

q: What do you call it when a man is given an order to take another man out lunch?
a: A MANDATE 

q: [Racist] So a black guy and a Mexican fall out of a tree. Who hits the ground first?
a: The Mexican. The black guy's stopped by the rope!

q: Why was the high schooler in the gun store?
a: There was a back to school sale.

q: If you'd throw an egg on a concrete floor, ...?
a: If you'd throw an egg on a concrete floor, how can you be sure it won't break? Don't worry about it too much, you don't break those concrete floors that easily!

q: What do you call it when the robot from Futurama gets in a minor car accident while wearing a dress?
a: A gender bender Bender fender bender.

q: Why are dogs and engineers alike ?
a: They both have intelligent eyes, but neither can talk properly.

q: Why did the dog scratch itself against the tree?
a: Ruff Bark

q: What's best about hiring an immigrant midget?
a: You pay them under the table ;)

q: All these what?
a: Whenever a Jamaican women talks about "all these terrible shootings" I'm never sure if they mean gun violence, or footwear accessories. 

q: What did president Obamas father say when he was born?
a: Oh,  He's Barack.  pronounced with a bad asian-english accent.

q: What do you call a dog with no legs and brass balls?
a: Sparky

q: Why was Betty Boop never attracted to Mickey Mouse?
a: She's only attracted to colored guys.

q: What is white and interferes with the meal?
a: An avalanche. 

q: Did you guys hear about that actress who stabbed her waiter with her fork?
a: Im trying to remember her name. Its Reese something. Help me out here....

q: What's the difference between rock and jazz?
a: Rock is playing three chords for a thousand people. Jazz is playing a thousand chords for three people.

q: What's the difference between herpes and friends?
a: I don't have any friends.

q: Do you like this hotel?
a: Then why don't you Marriott !!!! Hahahah

q: Why did the car swerve off the road?
a: It hit the chicken. Bazing! 

q: Hey, do you like wind?
a: No. I'm not a fan.

q: After the man was named bishop by the church, what was his next move?
a: Diagonal

q: Why don't shrimp donate to charities?
a: Because they're shellfish.

q: Why did Bill Cosby go to the gynecologist?
a: He heard they carried rape kits.

q: Where do homeless accountants live?
a: In a tax shelter. Blame GROCO PCA

q: Remember that AMA guy whose mother slept with him because he had broken his arms?
a: She was adding incest to injury.

q: How do you start a rave in Ethopia???
a: You staple food on the ceilings.

q: Why did Sarah fall of the swing ?
a: Q: Why did Sarah fall of the swing ? A: Because she has no arms.   Q:Who's there ? A:Not Sarah.

q: What do you get when a basketball player gets a lung infection?
a: LeBronchitis

q: Why did the personal trainer break up with his girlfriend?
a: She just wasn't working out.

q: the average man takes just over 6 minutes to cum during sex, do you know how long it takes a woman?
a: Me either, I'm already sleeping by then. 

q: What do you call a Mongol with an infectious skin disease?
a: A leprekhan

q: Why do women only use putters while playing golf?
a: Because women can't drive. 

q: What do you call a stylish molecule?
a: A molecool. 

q: What do you get if you turn an evil laugh backwards?
a: A laughing cow.  Ahahahahahahahamoo.

q: What do you call a chameleon that doesn't change color?
a: A reptile dysfunction. 

q: How did Harry Potter get down the hill...?
a: Walking... Jk Rowling. 

q: Would you rather have a threesome or dinner with your parents?
a: Personally, I choose dinner with parents. I mean if I'm gonna disappoint two people at once, I at least want it to be two people I know.

q: What do you call a horny man ghost hunting?
a: A  ty call. 

q: What did the astronaut say to the other when he pressed the wrong button?
a: I apollo-gize.

q: What's the difference between a chair and an asshole?
a: You are not a chair...

q: Whats the greediest nut?
a: a cashjew

q: What did the Mexican fireman name his children?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: What did the dog say after stepping off a sailboat?
a: Wharf!

q: How is a woman like a bar?
a: Liquor in the front, poker in the back  (   )

q: What do you call a black woman who flies a plane?
a: A pilot, you racist asshole.

q: What weighs more a pound of bricks or a pound of feathers?
a: The answer is feathers.   200 pounds of bricks is just a bunch of bricks, but if you try to carry 200 pounds of feathers, you also have to carry the weight of what you did to those poor birds.

q: What do comic book collectors use in their hair?
a: Mint conditioner.

q: Avocado or Donald Trump?
a: Avocado or Donald Trump for president? Well, one is a wrinkly old bag filled with green mush The other one is an avocado. 

q: What did the pints say upon landing on Planet Metric?
a: "Take us to your liter."

q: Why did God have no sense of humor when putting the planets in order?
a: because he didn't want to put Uranus at the end of the solar system

q: How do jews get around town?
a: On penny boards. 

q: Why are aspirins white?
a: Because they work.

q: What does Julius Ceasar say after sex?
a: Veni.

q: Why Is A Man's Mind Dirtier Than A Woman's?
a: A woman changes hers more often. 

q: Why don't women run fast??
a: cause they hate getting fat!! edit: It's physics. The faster an object moves, the heavier it gets.

q: What's the difference between a BJ and reddit gold?
a: Your mom never gave me reddit gold. 

q: What do you call a group of chickens dressed up like crows?
a: A murder most fowl. (I'll see myself out...)

q: What did the Muslim Sonic say?
a: Gotta go fast.

q: What does a German say when you finally explain a funny meme to him?
a: Danke

q: What's a man's definition of safe sex?
a: A: When his wife's out of town.

q: What do you call a Chinese pilot?
a: A pilot you racist!

q: Why do Americans spell colour as color?
a: Because fuck U, that's why.

q: Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff?
a: She was wearing mittens

q: What do you call a wandering cave man?
a: A meanderthal.

q: What did the banker say to the tongue when he rejected his loan application?
a: There's no accounting for taste.

q: what type of swimming does a paedophile like?
a: breast-stroke!

q: How do I know you're not John Cena?
a: I can see you

q: Bad Joke?
a: What did the 2 sundaes say to eachother? I wish it was SUNDAY

q: What's the best part of an ISIS joke?
a: The Execution. Hehe...get it? No? Fine I'll be-heading off now.

q: What's worse than a fish in the SS?
a: in. Man, I did   that coming.

q: How did the blind kid burn the side of his face?
a: He answered the iron

q: Ever hear the joke about the 3 Irish guys who left the pub?
a: No? Neither have I.

q: How long does it take for a White woman to take a crap?
a: 9 Months.

q: What do you call an epileptic giving someone a pat-down?
a: A search and SEIZURE

q: How about that airline food?
a: They give you two choices but their always out of one. 

q: A Mexican and a black guy are in the back of a car. Who is driving?
a: A cop.

q: If H20 is on the inside of fire hydrants, what is on the outside?
a: K9P.

q: Wanna hear a stupid joke?
a: reddit is so fucking stupid. I'm heading to 9gag. I'm out! fuckers

q: What did Jaws call his solo banking firm?
a: Loan shark.  

q: Why one's dick can be only 11 inches long?
a: Because if it's longer, it's called a foot.

q: Why shouldn't you ever take directions from a Nazi?
a: Because he will always tell you to take the third Reich.

q: Why is a roach clip called a roach clip?
a: Because pot holder was already taken -rim shot-

q: What do a woman and a toilet seat have in common?
a: Without a hole in the middle they wouldn't be good for shit.  (Wife told me this one)

q: Why do you want your lawyer to be a U2 fan?
a: Cos they're always pro-Bono

q: What does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac spend his time doing?
a: Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: knock knock......... who's there??
a: an old joke p.s. Today is National Tell an Old Joke Day

q: Why couldn't the two melons go to Las Vegas for their wedding?
a: Because they're cantaloupes. 

q: What mammal dies after it mates?
a: Anyone that goes near my wife!

q: What's the worst gift to give to an anti-vaxxer?
a: Blankets.

q: Who is the drummer for the Mexican Beatles?
a: Gringo Starr

q: Does the KKK still exist?
a: Yeah, they just changed their name to the LAPD...

q: What do you call a jelly bear that died and came back?
a: A mummy bear

q: What was the blacksmith's slogan?
a: "Shop here! You'll be Gladius you did!"

q: Did you know Kim Khardashian's dad was a member of OJ Simpsons legal team?
a: So the whole family has a history of getting black guys off

q: Why is the mushroom so happy ?
a: Because he's a FUN-GUY :P

q: Why is peter pan always flying?
a: He never lands.

q: What do you call a lesbian chicken?
a: A sticky beak! 

q: What does a hippie say when he runs out of weed?
a: This music SUCKS!

q: What did one shark say to the other?
a: These Malaysia Airline meals aren't bad.

q: If you're American in the Living Room, what are you in the Bathroom?
a: You're a shitting blood!!!!

q: Why are rapists terrible at academics?
a: BECAUSE THEY THINK WITH THE WRONG HEAD!

q: What did the doctor say to the strange beer that walked into his clinic?
a: What ails you? 

q: Why is Jay-Z allowed to ride in the carpool lane by himself?
a: Because his name is Hov, OH, H-to-the-O-V

q: Why don't women parachute naked?
a: Cause they would whistle on the way down

q: Why are monkeys such great friends?
a: Because they're prime mates!

q: What did the salmon say to his shy Japanese girlfriend?
a: Don't be koi.  

q: Did you hear about the gardener that had an aneurysm?
a: He's currently in a vegetative-state. 

q: Why did little timmy fall off his bike?
a: Because someone threw a canoe at him !

q: What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
a: We all know the joke "What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?" - "Finding half a worm" I asked this question in my office once and my colleague (without missing a beat) said "Cancer".

q: Why had the two algae never had sex?
a: Because they had a planktonic relationship.

q: what is the stupidest animal in the jungle?
a: the polar bear

q: did you hear about the freak birth at chernobil?
a: a baby was born with more eyes than teeth

q: Why do they refer to network ports as female?
a: Because when they stop talking to you, you never know why.

q: How did Helen Keller lose her arm?
a: Trying to read the road signs!!!

q: What do fat people wipe their butts with?
a: Toilet paper.

q: Why was the midget fired from his job?
a: He came up short on his register.

q: What was the last thing that went through the hostages head?
a: A bullet.

q: What did Dracula say to Frankenstein ?!?
a: I like Rape !! lol !!

q: Why does the alphabet like to piss on the periodic table?
a: Because it's elemental pee!

q: What sucks about being an egg?
a: You get laid once, and it's by your mom.

q: Do you know why Santa only work on the 25th of December?
a: Because he knows where all the bad girls are...(sorry)

q: Why are elephants big and grey?
a: Because if they were small and purple, they would be called grapes. 

q: What does a Texan do if he breaks up with his girl friend?
a: He dates his other sister. 

q: What did batman say too robin before they got in the car?
a: Get in the car.

q: What do selfies make me want to do?
a: Shoot myself

q: What's the difference between Einstein and Kim Kardashian?
a: Einstein is famous for special relativity, Kim is famous for simple reality tv.

q: Why did the doe give the faun an umbrella?
a: In case of reindeer.  And because I caribou.

q: What does a pig put on it's nose for a sunburn?
a: Oinkment!

q: What does it take to have a Beatles reunion?
a: 2 more bullets

q: Exam question: According to Germany how much is Greece worth?
a: [1 Mark]

q: What do you call it when you grind your teeth because you are bugged you forgot your dental floss?
a: Flossless compression!

q: What is the definision of mixed feelings?
a: When your wife says that you have the largest in your street.

q: What's the difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist?
a: You wouldn't believe me if I told you.

q: Why are Mumford & Sons the only agnostic rock band?
a: Because they don't even know if they believe.

q: What did the black kid say to his mom when he had diarrhea?
a: Help! I'm melting!

q: Whats the best thing about dating a Cleveland Cavaliers fan?
a: They never expect a ring

q: What did the sea say to the river?
a: You can run but you can't tide!

q: What's similar between a 9v battery and an asshole?
a: Your tongue ends up on it even though you know it's wrong. 

q: What do you call a gathering of Arthur's Knights?
a: A Sir conference. 

q: How do you kill a 1 legged fox?
a: Make him run across Canada. (sorry)

q: What is ISIS' favourite OS?
a: Windows XPlosion

q: Why is Ariana Grande called Ariana Grande?
a: She is only 5 feet tall. Shouldn't she be called Ariana Petite? 

q: What do you call a bird that drunkenly conveys a compelling perspective on racial hatred?
a: Tequila Mockingbird.

q: What's the best thing about a penis?
a: Think long and hard before you answer this one.

q: Why was Joan of Arc never good in debates?
a: Because she could not take the heat.

q: What do you call a Mexican cutting a Mobius Strip??
a: Juan.

q: What's the hardest part about roller blading?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: Why can't black people swim?
a: Because there is no water in Africa.

q: What's Gandalf's favorite band?
a: A Flock of Smeagols

q: What did Reddit almost change their name to during the Victoria controversy?
a: Blueit. -just thought of it, sorry its a little late to the party

q: Why was the lumberjack executed?
a: He committed treeson. 

q: How's your day been?
a: Grape!

q: What's the difference between a retard and a baby?
a: The baby has a soul. 

q: Have you heard about these new super-sensitive condoms?
a: After the man leaves, they hang around and talk to the woman.

q: Did you know Stevie Wonder got a cheese grater for christmas?
a: He said it was the best book he's ever read

q: Why did the Germans bail the Greeks out?
a: Because they took Pita on them 

q: How do you pick up Mexican Girls?
a: Border Patrol.

q: Why was the waffle jealous of the pancake?
a: The pancakes was flattered.

q: Why did the guy get an erection when he saw a ruler?
a: He had a foot fetish.

q: What happens when Jack is angry with his beans?
a: Jack and the beans talk

q: How does a psychiatrist like his sausages?
a: Freud 

q: How does a Facebook employee greet each other?
a: Hey there,  whatsapp!!

q: Why are there fences around graveyards/cemeteries?
a: Because people are dying to get in!

q: What type of fossil fuel likes to tell dick jokes?
a: Crude Oil

q: Why isn't there a Windows 9?
a: "Hey Microsoft, why is there no Windows 9? You've given us 7 and 8, and now you're skipping straight to 10?" "Well, to be completely honest, 7 8 9."

q: What do a walrus and a Tupperware container have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal.

q: What do you get if you cross Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip?
a: Killed in a Parisian tunnel.

q: How does NASA organise a party?
a: They Planet.

q: Why is a duck when it's round?
a: Because the farther it flies, the fewer.

q: Why did the man have to sell his hospice?
a: It was a dying business.

q: Have you heard of the new Xman?
a: Caitlyn Jenner

q: What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of ice cream?
a: Definitely not Chocolate

q: Why wasn't there a Captain America movie tie in videogame?
a: Because every time one bug was fixed, 2 more appeared.

q: What happens when a neckbeard takes drugs?
a: They start tipping balls. 

q: Who's the only person known to have had sex with OP's mom?
a: Sheriff Andy Taylor

q: Why did the blonde pull the dildo out before she came?
a: She wasn't on the pill

q: What's a gambler's favorite time of day?
a: 10 to 1.

q: What are some of your favorite Math (or Science) jokes?
a: Hi there! I'm currently helping out one person and researching for the best math (or science related) jokes. They're creating a list of them for their new article. Is there are anyone who have share of their own favourites?  Thank you for your input!

q: What do you call a bee that lives in America?
a: USB

q: Anyone know the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
a: You know, besides the taste.

q: Grandma, how old are you?
a: "A woman never reveals her age", she replied to her young grandson. He said "Alright, just give me the first digit" "Six" she said. "And the second?" Grandma sighed. "Seven." "And the third?"

q: Why are there so many jumpshots in the WNBA?
a: Because women can't drive

q: What do you say when German secret police is bugging you?
a: geSTAHPo!

q: How much is your dick worth?
a: A kid asks his dad:  "Dad, how much is my dick worth?" "Five bucks.", he replies "And yours?" "Ten bucks..." "OMG dad, we're so poor!" "Why?" "Last night, mom told the neighbor his dick was worth millions."

q: Wanna hear something really disappointing?
a: Too bad.

q: What do you call a magic door?
a: What do you call a magic door? Dumbledoor!

q: Which star do the dinosaurs like best?
a: The one that keeps getting bigger

q: What does Elvis say when he gets an infection that standard antibiotics can't treat?
a: MRSA!  

q: What do you call a German taking a shower?
a: A Showerkraut.

q: How does one enter a brothel in Westeros?
a: Through the Hodor

q: What's a trees favorite drink?
a: Root beer

q: What do you call the ghost of a chicken?
a: A poultry-geist.

q: How do you keep water warn in the winter?
a: Have it wear an aqua-fur.

q: What does a bunny do to a bank?
a: Rabbit

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, who can swim the English Channel?
a: Clever Dick.

q: What do you call graveyard shenanigans?
a: Tombfoolery.

q: What's the difference between Reddit and Voat?
a: Reddit doesn't constantly have reposts from the other site.

q: How many moths does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: I don't know, but they are literally killing themselves trying.  I was aiming for a little light humour but I think it's actually rather dark because of the amount of death I've witnessed in the writing of this joke. Written by Drew P. Robertson on July 19th 2015 just in case of any funny business and someone tries to claim credit for my original joke.

q: Why did hitler commit suicide?
a: He saw the gas bill

q: What did the abacus say to the adding machine?
a: Calc you later! 

q: What did the lumberjack say to the trees?
a: Run, Forest, run!

q: Why did the angry Jedi cross the road?
a: To get to the dark side.

q: Is your dad retarded?
a: Because you're something special

q: What do religion and a penis have in common?
a: Wave it in someone's face and they'll get mad!

q: What does a rotting corpse say?
a: idk

q: What do a married guy and a single guy have in common?
a: They both think the other one gets laid more.

q: What does your wife/girlfriend want more than anything in the world?
a: Nothing, she's fine. 

q: What do you call a crowd-sourced internet database for turntables?
a: Wiki-Wiki-Wikipedia

q: Did you want to row or paddle?
a: Either oar...

q: What did Father Buffalo say to Child Buffalo as he left for school?
a: Bison.

q: What do you call a marine who can't swim?
a: A submarine.

q: Why doesn't a rooster wear underwear?
a: becuase his peckers on his head

q: Why your fingers have spaces in between?
a: nothing!why? would you like it to be very close to each other. You're not a duck!

q: What do you say to a Jedi who stole your sicilian dessert?
a: "You owe me one cannoli."

q: What do you call a pedophile musician?
a: A kiddy-fiddler

q: Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize?
a: Because he was out-standing in his field.

q: How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Let's go ride our bikes.

q: Which type of bees make milk?
a: Boo-bees

q: Why did the pig avoid the cooking class?
a: Because he didn't like bakin

q: What do they call American Liberty in Israel?
a: A valid target.

q: What did the pirate say when he turned 81?
a: Nothing, as he didn't exist. The probability of anyone in that demographic reaching their eighties is particularly low, and an active pirate being eighty one years of age is further rendered a statistical impossibility given that a pirate would need to be above a certain threshold in terms of physical ability.

q: What do you call a bra that tightens the more you try to take it off?
a: A booby trap!

q: What does an identity thief look like?
a: A mirror.

q: What do you call an owl that does magic?
a: Hooooooo-dini!

q: What's the capital of Zimbabwe?
a: Hyper-inflated. 

q: What do you get when you wear wool socks in a tortilla chip factory?
a: Tostitos.

q: Why are pirates funny?
a: Because they Arrrr (Yes I know its cheesier than my feet)

q: What do you call soap for your ass-hole?
a: Shampooder.

q: What sound does a horny toad make?
a: .....rub it rub it. 

q: Why did the geologist's wife leave him?
a: He was getting physical  (first joke hope you like it) 

q: Any recommendations for a new chiropractor?
a: Dr. Reece Etmabak.

q: What street in Paris is well-known for its transvestite community?
a: The Rue Paul.

q: What do you call a relationship that never works out between guitarists?
a: No strings attached

q: What is another name for a Jewish guest?
a: A visitorah  Sorry

q: What's Sauron's favorite soft drink?
a: Mountain Dewm

q: How can you tell a mechanic recently had sex?
a: He has 1 clean finger. src: heard on radio yesterday

q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?
a: ... Incase he got a hole in one. HEHE one of my favs.  Whats your fav joke?

q: Did you know the pope really loves cats?
a: He's a real catholic.

q: What do you call an expert on fishing hooks and lures?
a: A master baiter

q: Why did the cheeseburger fight the veggie burger?
a: It had beef.

q: What type of food do firefly's love to eat?
a: Light food.

q: Why don't vultures eat at restaurants?
a: They don't allow carrion.

q: What did one coconut say to the other?
a: Oh my god a talking coconut!

q: How did "El Chapo" escape prison?
a: Joaquin.

q: You know what really gets my goat?
a: The Chupacabra.

q: You heard about Pluto?
a: That's messed up, right?

q: What is it called when you ride around on a horse asking people questions?
a: A gallop poll.

q: Did you hear about the nudists that attempted to forcefully take over a local beach?
a: It was roundly condemned as a case of naked aggression.

q: What does a Knight do at night?
a: Nighty Night

q: How do you make someone holy?
a: You beat the hell out of them

q: What do you call a fat model?
a: A roll model

q: What's the answer for question #2?
a: 2.B or not 2.B

q: You know why it's so difficult to put together a baseball team of egotists?
a: Everyone wants to play first.

q: What do you call a Muslim slug?
a: A snail...

q: Why did the dog fail his driving test?
a: Because he's a dog. Dogs cannot drive.

q: What is the largest moth the world has ever seen?
a: A mammoth

q: What did Louis say to Clark?
a: Suck this mcdoubledaw dick nyuggahahahahaha /buh dum tiss

q: how are bi planes different from regular planes?
a: a lot of them have a wide open cockpit.

q: Why should Donald Trump be grateful to Mexicans?
a: The power of belief in chupacabras is all that keeps his hair in this world.

q: What do you call a dark or melancholy verse of text?
a: Poe-etry

q: What was the first thing the emcee said at the pornography convention?
a: Thank you all for coming!

q: Why should you always bring charmander along when camping?
a: Because he's the fire starter.

q: What do you call a country ruled by dank memes?
a: Kappatalism

q: Why did the marble countertop leave the kitchen?
a: It was tired of being taken for granite. 

q: What do you call two chinese guys in a firebird?
a: Gooks of Hazard

q: What is big and hard when you put it in your mouth and small and soft when you take it out?
a: A chewing gum you pervert

q: There were many docks along the seashore, but one of them couldn't handle itself and collapsed. Why?
a: Pier pressure!

q: Did you see the new clock porno?
a: It's about fucking time.

q: Did you hear about the fire at the convent?
a: Nun survived!

q: Where do otters come from?
a: Otter Space.

q: Why did the Anti vaccinator leave the solar system?
a: Because he found mercury in it.

q: Why did the lawyer refuse to take payment when defending the lead singer of U2?
a: Because he said he was pro Bono.

q: Why was the drug dealer late?
a: Because he tripped

q: What was Batman's greatest accomplishment?
a: Pulling a Robin out of Bruce Wayne's Dick

q: What's black and does not work?
a: Decaf Coffee

q: What do you call a group of eight cowards?
a: Octopussies.

q: What has 9 letters and makes everyone mad?
a: Clickbait 

q: Why Was The Canvas Maker Late Home From Work?
a: He had to close a sail

q: Why do high school girls always travel in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't evennn...

q: Why is there no point in sending medicine to Athiopia?
a: Because the instructions usually say: "Take after meals."

q: Two black men jumped off the building. Who reached the ground first?
a: Noone cares.

q: What do you call a gay date mixer?
a: A meat-and-greet. 

q: how do you start a rave in Ethiopia?
a: you put a piece of bread on the ceiling 

q: Why did the boy die when a car ran over his finger?
a: His finger was up his nose. 

q: How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.

q: What does the mafia and a girls pussy have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in shit! 

q: What did one stegosaurus say to the other stegosaurus?
a: "There's a sale on at the fern store!"

q: Did they ever identify that unknown female deer crime victim?
a: You mean Jane Doe?

q: What do you call the chicken between the chicken thigh and the chicken wing?
a: The chicken butt

q: What do nosy peppers do?
a: They get jalapeo business. :)

q: Q: Why are all black people fast?
a: A: Because the slow ones are in jail.

q: What is the loneliest bayou in Louisiana?
a: Bayou self

q: What does Rolf Harris like to play with on the piano?
a: A minor.

q: Who was the best boxer of all time?
a: Jim Jones, I heard he took out 909 people with one punch.

q: What do you call the people that always are around musicians?
a: bass players.

q: Whats the difference between a kink and a fetish?
a: A kink is something put in a hose, a fetish is something she wants to put in your hose.

q: Why does the sky cry sometimes?
a: Because it's blue :(

q: Did you hear the one about the man who panicked when his friend started to drown?
a: He didn't know water do...

q: What's the smartest kind of blonde?
a: Golden retriever 

q: How many rapists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Only one. But they totally wanted it.

q: What's the highest rated hotel in the world?
a: Aushwitz, 6 million stars.

q: What's the difference between Amazon Prime and the Amazon River?
a: The Amazon River actually has sails.

q: What is Josh Duggars favorite thing about 19 year olds?
a: There's 19 of them

q: What is the smartest fruit?
a: It's the orange, BOY CAN IT CONCENTRATE!

q: Did you know cats can jump higher than houses?
a: This is because houses don't.

q: What did the lawyer say to the other lawyer?
a: We're both lawyers.

q: Who killed the Corn Flake?
a: The cereal killer...

q: Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles?
a: Because his wife is dead.

q: On a scale of 1-10 how retarded do you think we, as humans, are?
a: 9/11

q: What's pink and sits on a piano chair?
a: Elton's John

q: What happens when you get more than you payed for with a Mexican Gigolo?
a: The second coming of Jess.

q: During the '72 World Series, who took the most balls to the face?
a: Liberace 

q: What side of a chicken has the most feathers?
a: The outside. 

q: What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunji cord?
a: My ass. LAWL 

q: What is the hardest part of eating a vegetable ?
a: Putting her back in the wheel chair

q: How do astronauts say they're sorry?
a: They apollo-gize.

q: What do you call a Mormon who switches religion?
a: A mormoff!

q: what kind of pants does a monkey wear?
a: ma-khakis

q: What is the ideal weight of a lawyer?
a: About three pounds, including the urn.

q: Which kid?
a: Wife: Honey, i think you don't love our kids equally. It seems you have one that gets less love from you. Husband: Really? Which kid do you mean? Karl, Tina or the fat one

q: You hear about the guy they caught masturbating in the Law Library stacks?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: What do you call it when you jerk off in the bath?
a: Mastubation

q: Why did Ayn Rand lose the pool tournament?
a: She wouldn't play on a regulation size table

q: Did you hear the story of the Rabbi who lifted his synagogue into the air with a bunch of balloons?
a: He brew up.

q: Have you seen the news about the Seamus Costello Celebrity sex tape?
a: It's all about the star he ploughs.

q: Why is there no scope for dealers/middle men in the field of extractive metallurgy?
a: Because he/she who smelt it, dealt it.

q: Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose?
a: They couldn't close his casket.

q: What's the best part about having a deaf child?
a: You can have sex as loudly as you want. 

q: What do you call a dog that goes to the beach?
a: Ballroom blitz

q: What do you call a divorced FBI agent?
a: Fed-Ex

q: What was Ryu's response when someone asked if they could have his autograph?
a: "Sure you can!"

q: What is the difference between a 5 and a 2?
a: 3.

q: What's the worst thing about Michael Jackson teaching your kindergarten class?
a: The smell. The man's been dead for 6 years.

q: What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word?
a: TeX-MeX

q: What does the alchemist do to please his girlfriend?
a: Elixir.

q: What is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays?
a: Pump-Kin

q: Hear about all those Japanese people killing dolphins?
a: Apparently they've been doing it on porpoise!

q: What happened when the mexicans wife passed out on a hot day?
a: He had a hispanic attack

q: What Do You Call A Winery In Alabama?
a: Vineyard Skynyrd

q: What do you call rude fungi?
a: Shiit-talking mushrooms

q: What did the mexican do when he lost his car in the parking lot?
a: He pressed hispanic button

q: Why did Harry Potter's friends pick him up and pass him around on his birthday?
a: They were playing pass the Parseltongue.

q: Did you hear the Bill Clinton has given up the saxophone?
a: He traded it for the hormonica.

q: What does a subatomic duck say?
a: "Quark!"

q: Why are lilypads round?
a: So that it's easier for the hippos to jump on them.

q: What do you call an elf singer?
a: Elvish Presley

q: What gas is best dressed at a dinner party?
a: Formaldehyde

q: What do you call a very cold vodka?
a: Absolut Zero

q: Did a T Rex have two copies of each chromosome?
a: I reckon it was a diploidocus

q: What would be the best color to make a joke about?
a: I was thinking black, but I'm not sure it would work?

q: you know what really turns on a nerd?
a: unprotected wifi

q: What's 50 Cent's new name?
a: 50 Drachma.

q: What's China's national colour?
a: Censo-red.

q: How can you tell if you're racist?
a: You only pick out the K's when you take an eye exam.

q: Why are so many guys mean to their girl friends ?
a: Because of the  .

q: What is the difference between a generalist and a specialist?
a: A Specialist knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing. A Generalist knows less and less about more and more until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.

q: Why did the rapper scream into his Easter basket?
a: He wanted to give a shoutout  to his peeps

q: What did the Russian people light their houses with before they started using candles?
a: Electricity. 

q: What did tie say to the hat?
a: You go on ahead, I'll hang around.

q: What does a redneck do after she bangs her second cousin?
a: She quits counting.

q: What receives a man's first blowjob?
a: An NES cartridge.

q: What is that thing, which the maker cannot use, and the user cannot see?
a: Coffin 

q: Wana hear a Canadian joke?
a: Toronto maple leafs.

q: What does a tech geek say when they're taking a shit?
a: "Clearing my cache."

q: Why can't Bane play baseball?
a: He always breaks the bat. 

q: What was the ambulance saying when they were carrying Satoru Iwata?
a: Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U

q: What's the best part about dating a Patriots fan?
a: They don't care if you cheat.

q: Why do thieves have such a hard time understanding sarcasm?
a: They take things literally

q: What's a redneck's favorite dating website?
a: Ancestry.com

q: How many feminists does it take to screw a vegan?
a: Lightbulb. 

q: What's the Russian word for Internet outage?
a: Internjet

q: What's the worst thing to say to an anorexic person?
a: You are what you eat

q: Worst part about a dead puppy?
a: Walking them is a real drag.

q: How did Ian Fleming become so wealthy?
a: By diversifying his Bonds! edit: I'm so sorry.  I know this is terrible.  I just thought of it and it's so fresh that I haven't convinced myself that it's too stupid to post yet.  I'm so so sorry.

q: Mom, why am I dark if my father's skin is alabaster and yours is too?
a: Rough translation from Spanish: Child:Mom, why am I dark if my father's skin is alabaster and yours is too? Mother:  With how drunk I was that night it's a miracle you don't bark!

q: What do you call a Canadian in outer space?
a: An Eh-lien!

q: How do you get banned from a subreddit without breaking the rules?
a: Post something humorous in  . P.S: Is there anyway to ungild myself?

q: How can you tell if a picture was taken with a GoPro?
a: because the owner will tell you

q: What do a pornstar and Godzilla have in common?
a: They've both swallowed boatloads of seamen. 

q: Why wasn't the aeroplane invented in China?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a Wright.

q: What did they say when they forgot to embalm Satoru Iwata?
a: WiiU

q: Do dogs know about light switches?
a: Or do they think we all just have personalities that literally light up a room?

q: How do you know you are sitting next to a ski instructor?
a: They'll tell you.

q: What did one businessmen voyeur say to the other?
a: I'll have my peephole call your peephole.

q: Whit's the differ atween a rich Scotsman, a puir Scotsman, an a deid Scotsman?
a: The rich Scotsman has a canopy ower his bed. The puir Scotsman has a can o pee under his bed. The deid Scotsman cannae pee at a'. [If you need help:  ]

q: What do you call a door only prostitutes use ?
a: Hodor

q: Why do Jewish men have to be Circumcised?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless its 20% off.

q: Why did Kobe Bryant go to New Jersey after he got arrested?
a: Because he needed one.

q: How many confederate flag bearing husbands does it take to beat up their wives?
a: None, she fell down the stairs.

q: Have you heard the tagline for the new Ghostbusters movie?
a: Now with 400% more bust!

q: Why is the letter 'B' commonly regarded as a pervert in the alphabet?
a: Because he can see the D

q: Why don't jokes in base 8 work?
a: Because 7 10 11

q: How do mute people tell each others secrets?
a: They put on mittens.

q: Wasn't gay marriage always legal?
a: Because I know that people have been happy on their wedding day. 

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and pimples?
a: Pimples will wait till you're 14 to come on you're face.

q: What did the Italian dressing say to the French dressing?
a: Nothing. Dressings don't have arms

q: What do people typically get at Whole Foods?
a: Ripped off.

q: What did Han Solo say when Leia asked for help with a crossword clue?
a: I don't know

q: What's the difference between a wife and a dog?
a: The later you get home, the happier one is to see you

q: How did Jesus get his beach bod for the summer?
a: Cross fit

q: Do you know why you will never go hungry in the desert?
a: Because of the sand which is there. *edit:  because of the sandwiches  there.....

q: Why didn't the blond want to use her phone while using the bathroom?
a: She was afraid someone would steal her IP address.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with Diarrhea?
a: The farmer has the fits while he shucks.

q: What are the three most important things to an orthopedic surgeon's business?
a: Dislocation, dislocation, dislocation

q: Why don't you mess with one-ply toilet paper?
a: It doesn't take shit from anyone

q: Did you hear Lorena Bobbitt died in a car accident?
a: She got cut off by a dick.

q: How does a Mexican wrestler enter a room?
a: Through the Lucha-door.

q: Why Did Princess Diana Cross The Street?
a: Because she wasn't wearing a seatbelt

q: Why was number 6 scared of number 7?
a: Because 7 8 9!

q: What does a duck say when it goes to the doctor?
a: Quack

q: How does a lawyer name their kids?
a: Bill and Sue

q: Why do pedophiles love reddit?
a: There are so many immature assholes.

q: What did Tony Abbott do when he heard Denmark had surplus wind power ?
a: Cut funding for wind power in Australia

q: What is the gardener's favourite fruit?
a: Plantain.

q: What is the worst animal std?
a: Gatoraids 

q: How much cum can a gay guy make?
a: A buttload!

q: What's a good treatment for insomnia?
a: Bill Cosby

q: What do you call an Indian man with motivation?
a: Deturbaned

q: What does a lesbian pirate say?
a: Scissor me timbers!

q: Why do failing college girls always screw their professors?
a: Cause they want the D.

q: What's a Lumberjack's favorite drink?
a: A lager

q: Did you hear about the erectile dysfunction support group meeting?
a: It was a total flop, nobody came.

q: A Portuguese, a Greek and a Spaniard go into a bar. Who pays?
a: A German.

q: Do you know which place has the highest concentration of Jews?
a: The atmosphere.

q: Where do bees go to the bathroom at?
a: at the 

q: What did the Grateful Dead fan say when he ran out of pot?
a: What's that noise?

q: What do you call someone who's got a horse for a mother and a fruit for a father?
a: A Frenchman.

q: Did you hear the submarine construction business closed down?
a: Shame they went under

q: What did the group of unborn babies say when they were hungry?
a: Fetus.

q: Why should you date a Greek woman?
a: They don't like pulling out.

q: Have I been shadow banned?
a: Nevermind, turns out my comments just suck.

q: Why is there no market for white tires?
a: Because black tires makes your car run faster

q: What is faster than silver surfer?
a: Quicksilver Surfer! :D

q: what did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?
a: I don't know, he hasn't opened it yet

q: Did you hear about the reusable condoms?
a: When you're done, turn them inside out and shake the fuck out of them.

q: What's a sports fan's favourite disease?
a: The COME ON! cold.

q: What did hitler say when he smashed his thumb with a hammer?
a: "Au, schwitz!"

q: What do you call someone who masturbates on a plane?
a: A highjacker 

q: Did you here about the IKEA corporation getting away with having that guy killed?
a: None of the detectives could seem to piece the clues together.

q: What do you call a dinosaur with good dental hygiene?
a: A flossiraptor

q: Why do happy people like to sleep in late?
a: Because they aren't mourning people. I just made this up!! Could you all help me with the wording? It feels like it could be a little better I just don't know how to word it differently while using the same "mourning" pun as the punch line.

q: What do you call an Indian bloke in a submarine?
a: Mandeep.

q: What's pale, lives in darkness and sucks blood?
a: A tampon

q: Have you heard the one about the deaf guy?
a: He hasn't either. 

q: What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water?
a: I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who?
a: Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who.

q: Why have the Chinese not got telephone directories?
a: There's so many Wing's and Wong's they might wing the wong number.

q: What does a blueberry do at a party?
a: The Anti-oxy-dance

q: What did the Mexican name his two dicks?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: A Portuguese, a Greek, and a Spaniard go into a brothel. Who pays?
a: Germany. 

q: Do you know Forest Gump's Facebook password?
a: 1Forest1

q: What does a gay crow say?
a: COCK COCK COCK COCk

q: What do you call a German who is up themselves?
a: A deutsche-bag

q: What do my jokes have in common with toilet paper?
a: They're both tearable.

q: Who am I?
a: I mustache you a question but I am shaving it for later. 

q: What do you call a lesbian with big hands?
a: Well hung!

q: Why did the brothel only employ ugly prostitutes?
a: To increase  !

q: What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with?
a: Little Caesar's

q: What's the correct instrument for measuring how fat your mom is?
a: A size-mom-meter

q: What do you call a whiny dog?
a: A chi-WAAA-WAAA!!!!

q: How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce?
a: Austerity.

q: What do you call a Pirate you share an apartment with?
a: Your room-matey.

q: How does one cook toilet paper?
a: Simple - brown it on both sides then throw it into the pot.

q: What worse than finding out your wife has cancer?
a: Finding out it is curable.

q: What's Ron Jeremy's favorite shape?
a: Erectangle

q: Why did Bill Cosby go to Japan with a bag of roofies?
a: He had Jello fever!

q: Why did the company hire the glutton?
a: Because he was a  ate professional!

q: Why did the accountant cross the street?
a: To crunch numbers. 

q: Why do teen girls travel in groups of three?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: What a greek says as he get his paycheck?
a: Danke Shn.

q: What was the last thing that went through Lady Diana's head, moments before the crash?
a: Car battery 

q: How do you get a tree pregnant?
a: With a woodpecker

q: How long does it take to drive across France?
a: 3 days by panzer 

q: Why couldn't the clown make balloon animals for the children?
a: With inflation raising the cost he couldn't afford it.

q: What are 3 naked woman on a crate of beer?
a: In the way!

q: Why was epsilon afraid of zeta?
a: Because zeta eta theta.

q: What's Jared's favorite ingredient for his Subway sandwiches?
a: Extra virgin oil

q: You know what would be a good name for a cocaine delivery service company?
a: Instagram

q: How many birds does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Toucan

q: Which porn video release are you most looking forward to?
a: I'm excited about the next but one

q: What is a caterpillar afraid of?
a: a dogerpillar. Sorry. It was so bad that I had to share it. Fuck you Laffy Taffy.

q: Did you all hear about the new terrorist group called Al-paca?
a: The leaders name is Olama Bin Laden.

q: What is Forest Gump's email password?
a: 1forest1

q: If you use a meat tenderizer to repeatedly hit a backless bar chair does it become a stool softener?
a: Probably.

q: Whats 2 + 2 ?
a: A math problem. 

q: How long does it take light to travel from the sun to the earth?
a: Not nearly as long as it would take to travel around your mom.

q: Why do jews have big noses?
a: Because air is free.

q: Did you hear about the penguin that flew?
a: Not sure where he got his pilot's license, but he sure does always make his arrival times.

q: What's brown and screams?
a: Stevie Wonder answering the iron

q: what happens when you're singing in the shower and get soap in your mouth?
a: it becomes a soap opera

q: What's the best part about Subway sandwiches?
a: the tiny little buns

q: Why are atheists so light?
a: They have no mass.

q: What did one renewable power source say to the other?
a: How did I wind up here I don't know man just go with the flow.

q: What's Mozart doing?
a: decomposing.

q: What do kids yell at old people who are just trying to play?
a: GET OFF MY LAN!

q: What do you call a serial killer who can kill with both hands?
a: Ambi ous

q: What's the difference between a baby and A goat?
a: When my goat died, I couldn't bring myself to eat it.

q: What's Jared's favorite Subway bread?
a: Italian Herbs and Child Pornography.

q: How do you know If your girlfriend is Canadian?
a: Look at her beaver.

q: Why did the chicken kill itself?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why were Porn Stars not affected by the recession?
a: Some jobs always have sticky wages...

q: Why didn't Jarred order the meatball sub?
a: Because he didn't like the size of the meatballs.

q: Did you hear about the cow that jumped over the barbed wired fence?
a: It was udder catastrophe! 

q: why arnt there any walmarts in the middle east?
a: because there are so many targets.

q: Why do the homies call their friend Paragraph?
a: Because he's too short to be an essay

q: What did the dementia patient say to the other dementia patient?
a: I forgot.

q: Why did Sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe?
a: More doors.

q: What do you get when you leave a dog inside a car when it's 100 degrees outside?
a: A hot dog.

q: What do you call 4 dicks tied together?
a: An erectangle.

q: What do you call a guy with no hair named Gary?
a: Garibaldi

q: What's the advantage of being black in Africa vs black in America?
a: Nobody can point at your shoes and say "What are thoooooooooose?!"

q: What did one Japanese man say to the other?
a: I'm not quite sure. I only took one year of Japanese in high school.

q: Did you hear Jared Fogle was arrested for child pornography?
a: It brings a whole new meaning to "eat fresh"

q: How do you measure a Lego minifigure's shoe size?
a: In square feet.

q: Name and Address?
a: A cop pulled over two drunks, and asked to the first, "What's your name and address?"  "I'm Paddy O'Day, of no fixed address." The cop turned to the second drunk, and asked the same question. "I'm Seamus O'Toole, and I live in the flat above Paddy." 

q: Why did Santa want a divorce?
a: His wife made sure he only came once a year.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was caught having sex at Sea World?
a: Apparently he did it on porpoise.

q: Why do white girls hang out in odd numbers??
a: cuz they can't even!!!!

q: What do women and dog shit have in common?
a: The older they are the easier they are to pick up.

q: What kind of pants does Super Mario wear?
a: Denim denim denim

q: Was Hitler really such a bad guy?
a: After all, he did kill Hitler.

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in the United states?
a: They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin. 

q: How do you turn tap water into holy water?
a: You boil the HELL out of it! Har har har.

q: What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't?
a: Her navel. 

q: [engineering] what kind of fight sees two fighters enter the ring and only one leave?
a: Muxed martial arts

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new limousine?
a: Neither did he.

q: How do you have a rave in Greece?
a: Blu-Tac a euro to the ceiling.

q: Who would want a "Semi" tattoo on their colon?
a: Not that there's anything wrong with that....

q: What does oral sex and being in the mafia have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. 

q: What do you call a seizure you have while mining?
a: An ore spasm.

q: What do you call a theft by a stumbling person?
a: A lumberjack.

q: What would Hitler have said to the Jews if he were a Keynesian economist?
a: "In the short run,   all dead!"

q: What is the difference between a Lannister and a Greek?
a: A Greek never pays his debts.

q: What do you call a marathon runner that refuses to stop?
a: A joggernaut.

q: How did Stevie Wonder respond when asked how he coped with being blind?
a: At least I'm not black.

q: How many seconds are there in a day in Africa?
a: Seconds? They barely get firsts!

q: Why can't Albert Einstein drive?
a: Because he never learned.

q: Why do maxi-pads hate tampons so much?
a: Because tampons are stuck up cunts

q: Why did Subway take Jared so seriously?
a: It was obvious he was kidding.

q: How did the woman feel after her legs were amputated?
a: Defeeted

q: Did you hear the one about the gynecologist who was looking for a job?
a: He could never find an opening.

q: Why were people in the Twin Towers so upset?
a: They ordered pepperoni but all they got was plane 

q: Why did the artist go to the bakery?
a: For shortening!

q: What do you give a Greek man with a scratchcard?
a: A coin to scratch it with.

q: What do you call fat people eating McDonalds?
a: Cannibalism

q: What do Canadian squirrels eat?
a: Eh-corns.

q: Why are chickens never virgins?
a: A: Because when they're born they get laid.

q: What do you get when you cross Tesla and Thomas Edison?
a: A Kick-ass band

q: What happens to eskimos who sit on the ice too long?
a: Polaroids! I'm so bored...

q: What peanut butter do total dicks eat?
a: Schmuckers.

q: What does a greek say when gets his salary?
a: Danke!

q: Shout out to /u/Flame mech for inspiration. Why was the violin coach arrested ?
a: He was fiddling with the kids. *

q: What did the black Jesus say to the black Black Buddah?
a: Allah back!

q: How do you fit 4 queers on a barstool?
a: Flip it upside-down.

q: what sport does every hacker enjoy?
a: Dumpster diving. 

q: What's got 8 feet and 10 shoes?
a: The McCann Family.

q: Did you hear what the Feds found at Jared Fogle's home?
a: A five year old footlong. 

q: Did you hear that Jared from Subway was caught up in a child pornography investigation?
a: Brings a whole new meaning to their slogan, "Eat Fresh."

q: What did the blind kid get for Christmas?
a: swimming goggles

q: What do you call a bulimic tree?
a: Sycamore!

q: Why was the ukelele teacher put in jail?
a: Becuase he was caught fingering A minor.

q: Ever ask yourself who, in a perfect world, would raise a child?
a: The answer should be apparent.

q: Why shouldn't you take away a hobos shit?
a: It might be his lunch. 

q: Wanna know a joke?
a: Look through this subreddit, there are plenty of good ones to be found!

q: You know why men die earlier than women?
a: Because we WANT to!

q: What is the difference between an old bus depot and a lobster with boobs?
a: One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.

q: Did you hear about the strawberry jam and grape jelly hooking up?
a: They got marmalaid.

q: Why did the Cephalopod get coal for christmas?
a: Because he was on the nautilust.

q: How does a woman know she's sleeping with a forklift driver?
a: He beeps twice before coming through the flaps.

q: What do you get when you have Tiger Woods, Stephen Hawking, and Dwayne Johnson in the same room?
a: An Animal, a Vegetable, and a Mineral.

q: What do you call a gender confused toddler?
a: A Transves-tyke.

q: Greeks lined up for ATM?
a: Isn't that kinda their thing?

q: What happens if you spin an oriental person around really fast for an extended period of time?
a: They become disoriented.

q: What kind of dog is the quietest?
a: A "shhh"nauzer

q: Did you hear about the tennis star who hit his wife?
a: Apparently it was a backhand. 

q: What does a north Korean and a ginger have in common?
a: Neither has a Seoul

q: What do you use to cover a herpetarium floor?
a: Reptiles.

q: What is a pedophile's favorite shoe?
a: White Vans.

q: How do you take your coffee?
a:  How do you take your coffee?  Ferguson Police  Huh?  Black, two shots. 

q: Are you all right?
a: No.. You are all left Ahah is joke

q: Why did the female warrior prefer the armor smith over the weapon smith?
a: The weapon smith was a bit rapier

q: Why wouldn't the Kabuto share his Potion?
a: He was a little shellfish.

q: Have you heard about Reddit OP having a miscarriage?
a: She could not deliver :(

q: What is a 6.9?
a: A great thing, ruined by a period

q: What do you call someone who is not nice?
a: Denice. (De-nice)

q: Why did Shakespeare refuse to join the army?
a: He didn't like the phrase fire at will!

q: Why are Canadians atheist?
a: Because they are Eh-theists.

q: What functions worse than the US Government?
a: A Greek Bank.

q: How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One. They hold it in place and wait for the world to revolve around them.

q: What do you call a child who shoots with twigs at a PTSD victim?
a: TWIGERING

q: Why are there different species of hyena?
a: Isn't every hyena we've discovered a spotted hyena?

q: What's the difference between the United States and a yogurt?
a: That after 200 years, a yogurt can actually build a community. Haha, happy late 4th of July.

q: Did you read the article about the automated journalist?
a: The story writes itself. 

q: Why would Ellen Pao not do her own AMA?
a: General Pao's chicken.

q: What do you get when you mix a Mexican and an octopus?
a: I don't know, but it sure can wash a lot of dishes.

q: What's the last thing you want to hear when you're blowing Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson." 

q: Did you hear the one about the man who let a firework off on top of his head?
a: He went out with a bang.

q: Why is the US so much better at the accurate placement of round objects than Japan?
a: We had two practices in 1945

q: What does a Jewish guy say when he's making eggs?
a: I-fry-em

q: What dictator had the best bureaucracy?
a: Idi Admin.

q: What did the Japan team say after the first half of the Women's World Cup?
a: "I, 4-1, know we won't win."

q: What do you call Triple H practicing for a WWE match?
a: Preparation H

q: What shoes does ninjas use?
a: Sneakers.

q: How did the media find out that princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They saw her head and shoulders in the glove compartment

q: What does the Starship Enterprise have in common with toilet paper?
a: They circle Uranus searching for clingons. 

q: Why did Microsoft skip windows 9?
a: Because 7 ate 9

q: Where do Irish people go for breakfast?
a: Drunkin Donuts

q: What do you call fireworks that don't work?
a: Fireunemployed.

q: What did the Jamaican say when he lost the smelliest feet contest?
a: DEFEAT STINKS!

q: Why did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth?
a: He ate his pizza before it was cool. (Written anonymously in the bathroom at work, a pizza joint.)

q: What religious group does reddit belong in?
a: Cat holics

q: What do you get when you cross a sheep with a robot?
a: Steel wool

q: Why does /r/fencing suck so bad?
a: Half of it is ripostes

q: Why was the washing machine laughing?
a: Because it was taking the piss out of the pants

q: What is punctuation's favorite curry?
a: L&a

q: Where does Neckwear go on vacation?
a: Thailand. 

q: What did Donald Trump say to the Mexicans?
a: You're hired! But don't tell anyone.  

q: Why did Mary fell from the swing ?
a: Because she hasn't got arms !

q: How do you know if you're a bogan?
a: You let your 15 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table... in front of her kids.

q: Why do elephants have four feet?
a: Because six inches would never satisfy a female elephant.

q: What do American beer and sex in a canoe have in common?
a: F***ing close to water!

q: Why can't a bicycle stand on its on?
a: Because its two tired

q: Where does Santa's stripper mom work?
a: The North Pole

q: What do you call porn with transgender midgets?
a: Micro trans action.

q: Why did the tree keep getting grounded?
a: Because it was s knotty pine! 

q: Why does Hillary Clinton want to be president?
a: She also wants to get a blow job in the oval office

q: what is the most terrifying sound to a redditor??
a: pao pao pao...

q: What is potential energy's favourite season?
a: Summer, because it comes before fall 

q: What is R. Kelly's favorite group to feature?
a: Black Guy Pees. 

q: What do you call the beginning of a porno?
a: Prelude

q: Why r/Jokes has too much tiny jokes?
a: Thus you can move on to the next one faster

q: What do you call a party with 7 girls & 70 midgets?
a: 10 books of Snow Whites

q: What would a reddit restaurant be called?
a: Chooters

q: When do cops blow up and destroy shopping centers and Walmarts?
a: During Black Friday.

q: What's a police officer's favorite party game?
a: Pin the murder on the black guy

q: Where do shadowbanned Redditors go?
a: To the PAO Camp.

q: What did Victoria say to the tailor?
a: I'm a Taylor too.

q: What did Marily Monroe and Lee Harvey Oswald have in common?
a: They both banged JFK

q: How is having a new dishwasher at a kitchen job like being in the Matrix?
a: There is no spoon.

q: Whats the difference between a retard and a woman?
a: The retard doesn't need to be buggered to think he's special.

q: Did you hear that they upgraded the lighting system on the Goodyear blimp?
a: Now they call it the LED zeppelin.

q: What does a woman's A**hole do when she has an orgasm?
a: He's at home watching the kids

q: Why did Ellen Pao try to sue the users of Reddit for gender discrimination/ sexual harassment?
a: Because they were forming a massive circle-jerk around her

q: What did the cat say when the delivery man was leaving?
a: Purolator.

q: What's Pao's favorite Chinese dish?
a: Infant children.

q: How does a nucleus get out of prison?
a: Through the cell wall.  :D

q: How many SJW's does it take to fix a lightbulb?
a: 100. 100 who complain about the lightbulb oppressing them, and 1 man to actually do it.

q: Why did Ellen Pao punch the puppy?
a: Cause shes terrible.

q: What is Ellen's favourite food?
a: Kung-Pao Chicken.

q: What do goats do on election day?
a: Voat. co

q: Why did the melon insist on having a big wedding?
a: Because it cantaloupe. 

q: What do Steam users and Reddit admins have in common?
a: They don't want to pay for mods.

q: What does rappers eat for breakfast?
a: Yo-ghurt. 

q: Why Adolf Hitler is a bank robber?
a: Because he is a Dollar Thief.

q: Why does America not have knock knock jokes?
a: Because freedom rings.

q: What's Reddit's new favorite movie?
a: Kung Pao: Legend of the Fisting.

q: Funniest YouTube channel?
a: Mark Fitzgibben , Brandon Berg or BroKaine ? XDDD

q: Who fancies going to Tunisia?
a: I heard they're giving free shots on the beach. They go straight to your head, too.

q: Hello Alcoholics Anonymous?
a: I'd like to anonymously report a bunch of alcoholics getting together in my neighbor's yard. "Sorry sir, that's not the point of the program"

q: What do you call a cat who steals someone's identity?
a: An impawster.

q: Why was Disney's massage parlor so successful?
a: Everybody gets a happy ending.

q: Why do redditors hate Ellen Pao as CEO?
a: It was the Wong choice

q: Do you know what happens when gay marriage is legalized?
a: BREAKING NEWS: Californias drought is over. Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners

q: Where is Victoria working now?
a: In the kitchen.

q: How do you escape a fascist authoritarian regime?
a: By getting aboard (a) voat

q: Why did they fire Victoria?
a: Was she keeping secrets? What is Victoria's Secret?

q: What do you call it when your lizard doesn't know how to use the internet?
a: e-reptile dysfunction 

q: What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a pitbull?
a: Lipstick

q: Which Dinosaurs love electricity?
a: Bulbasaurs

q: Did you hear about a reddit user creating a new website?
a: He wanted the name to remind him of the time when 4chan users went to 8chan. So in light of the circumstances he named it regreddit.com

q: What's brown and Rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre.......just kidding.....poop

q: How many reddit admins does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Seriously who knows? It's pitch black in here.

q: What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a catfish?
a: One's a scum sucking bottom feeder. The other's a catfish.

q: Did you hear that sugar is magic?
a: It'll make a diabetics feet dissappear!

q: Do you want to have a home?
a: You need a ho and you need me

q: Why is masturbating in France like cooking an egg?
a: Because in both cases you're cracking one oeuf

q: What sound does a bloated dead horse make when you beat it?
a: If you're still waiting for a punchline, why are you here?

q: What has a slice of burnt toast and a pregnant girlfriend got in common?
a: In both cases you wish you took it out a few seconds earlier.

q: What did the army recruiter say to the gay wizard?
a: "Don't ask don't spell."

q: How do you get rid of a Reddit admin?
a: Chooter

q: What happened on Reddit yesterday?
a: A pao-erful change

q: What do people hate about CEOs of big internet companies?
a: They act too paowerful

q: How do you catch a politician?
a: With a special interest group, or evidence of a sex scandal.

q: What sound will reddit make when it blows up?
a: Nothing, it's just a website.

q: Why was the G-Spot Club not making profit in the nightclub business?
a: Most men couldn't find it. 

q: What do you get when a topless blonde rubs suntan lotion on a topless brunette?
a: Your camera.

q: Why didn't the French soldier fight in the battle of France?
a: He was on a summer retreat!

q: Since reddit is nearing its demise, how do i cash out my gold?
a: All 0 of it.

q: What Do You Call An Arab Dinosaur?
a: Dino-mite.

q: What does it sound like to shoot yourself in the foot twice?
a: Pao! Pao!

q: Who's Batman's greatest enemy?
a: Pao!

q: How could Donald Trump support Mitt Romney?
a: Didn't he know Romney was made in Mexico?

q: What do you call the game that centres around weak leadership?
a: Reddit.

q: What do you call someone in the army that knows the capital of every country on earth?
a: General Knowledge

q: What did the reddit admins say to the mods?
a: [This post was removed]

q: What sound does Reddit make when it blows up?
a: Pao! Edit: Whoa, FP   gold. Thank you! 

q: What do you get when you cross Batman with Mountain Dew?
a: Dew diligance

q: What has shadier inner workings, Reddit or FIFA?
a: Still waiting to hear back from an admin.

q: Why did the bear eat his phone?
a: It was a black berry...

q: What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato?
a: A dick-tater.

q: Whats the difference between reddit and hell?
a: Hell   bad people

q: What goes CLOP CLOP CLOP BANG BANG CLOP CLOP?
a: An Amish drive-by shooting 

q: To you Star Trek fans: what does the Star Ship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both search around Uranus for Klingons

q: How do golfers get away with cheating?
a: The unfairway

q: What is a rift valley?
a: Valleys that have fallen out after an argument.

q: Why does Piglet smell so bad?
a: Because he always plays with Pooh.

q: Why did the water turn into steam?
a: It mistbehaved

q: What do you get when you put a root beer in a square glass?
a: A beer.

q: Have you heard of the band 150 megabytes?
a: No? Not surprised, they don't have any gigs yet.

q: Why did Luke Skywalker never really know his father?
a: Because he was a child of da'force 

q: Did you hear about that vampire that's never tasted blood?
a: It's a little irony

q: Have you heard of corduroy pillows?
a: You haven't? Weird. They are really making headlines.

q: What do you call a baby pizza with epilepsy?
a: Little Seizures.

q: How can you tell if someone does crossfit?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: What does the ISIS donkey say?
a: Jihaaaad

q: A giant and a midget are asked how did they get so tall and short?
a: A man came across a giant and a midget in a bar. How did you get so tall?" a man asked the giant who replied, "I eat what's right." The man then turned to the midget to enquire, "How did you get so short?" bringing the reply of, "I eat what's left." 

q: What did the dinosaur say to the caveman?
a: RAWR!

q: What type of dog leaves a mark?
a: shar pei

q: What was Hitler's least favorite holiday?
a: The Fourth of "Jew"-ly!!

q: Why can't guys do the splits?
a: The banana gets in the way. Banana split

q: What is green and 2 meteres beneath the ground?
a: Stoneater the Green.

q: Why are all computer scientists such pessimists?
a: They always worry about the worst case!

q: Why doesn't Michael Jackson play chess?
a: Because he's dead.

q: I have glasses but cannot see. I have feet but cannot walk. What am I?
a: A riddle.

q: Why doesn't God like fruitcake?
a: Because he doesn't exist.

q: Which insect do asian people eat the most of?
a: Lice

q: Why didn't the penguin jump off the iceberg?
a: Because he got cold feet.

q: Why'd Sally fall off the swings?
a: Cause she's got no arms. Knock Knock.  Who's there? Not Sally.

q: What was the vegan craving when he got bit by a zombie?
a: GRRRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNNSSSS

q: What did the cow say to the police officer, giving a speeding ticket?
a: Miav. 

q: Why did the girl fall off the swing?
a: Because someone threw a fridge at her....

q: Why did Papa smurf go to the aviary?
a: Because he loves blue tits.

q: When you neutralize an acidic solution in a titration, what do you do?
a: Drop the base.

q: How many teenage mutant ninja turtules does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Five.  It's a huge problem.

q: Where do suicide bombers go when they die?
a: Everywhere.

q: What do you call a Hawaiian homosexual?
a: A tropical fruit.

q: What are a plumber's favorite shoes?
a: Clogs

q: How did Jesus get those sexy messiah abs?
a: He did crossfit.

q: Why was the guy wearing the fedora upset?
a: Because you didn't ask him what band he's in.  

q: Why do the French like Easter?
a: Because it's such a bonne ide.

q: Why didn't the bear go to college?
a: Because bears don't go to college.

q: What did the limestone say to the geologist?
a: Don't take me for granite!

q: When a boy falls, what does he fall against?
a: His will

q: What is meant by 'a pull factor'?
a: A big red sports car.

q: What do you get when you cross a stock broker, a detective, and an alligator?
a: An investigator.

q: Why don't Canadians wear tank tops?
a: They don't have the right to bare arms

q: How many dancers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Five six seven eight!

q: Why did Jesus come to Earth?
a: To get to the other side. Ba dum tssshh 

q: What's the difference between Greece and a good software application?
a: Greece doesn't have default settings!

q: Why are highly successful people named Mark always so depressed?
a: Because they can't stop hitting themselves. This joke came to me while I was half asleep this morning. I'm not sure how original it is. I probably heard some variation of it somewhere and have just forgotten. Any suggestions for improving it?

q: When someone has Taken your car who should you call?
a: Liam Nissan 

q: What do you call someone who begs for a free copy of "Return Of The King"?
a: A free-LOTR

q: What do you get when you pour hot water down a rabbit Hole?
a: A Hot Cross Bunny

q: What do you call a Snorlax that wants to win a race?
a: A cab.

q: What is the date in Germany/Brasil today?
a: 7-1. (world cup)

q: What does a Muslim redneck wear?
a: A murka 

q: What happens when you accidently add an extra p to tp?
a: Banned from 

q: What do you call it when a stripper works for free?
a: Pro boner

q: What did the man say to his penis when it offered him a fight?
a: Come on then you  !

q: What animal should you never play cards with?
a: A cheetah

q: Do you know why the European stock markets are sliding down?
a: Greece.

q: Why don't ants go to church?
a: Because they are insects.

q: What did the Circle say to the Square on the bus?
a: "Oh no! I've got on the Rhombus!" 

q: What did the insurance company say to the applicant?
a: THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM!

q: May I have a quick word with you?
a: Velocity

q: What's the difference between a crackhead and a methhead?
a: Toothless methheads give better $3.50 blowjobs

q: What do you call an anorexic with thrush?
a: A quarter pounder with cheese

q: Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about?
a: A: Whats this new apple product I keep hearing about? B: Which one? A: the I-sis

q: What is the best way to lose money?
a: A: Lend it to Greece.

q: Why did the female war reenactors need to throw away their costumes?
a: Because they weren't period-appropriate!

q: How did the scuba-diver pay for his drinks?
a: With Barnacles (bar nickels)

q: What does Jimmy Buffett's chicken say?
a: It's 5 o'cluck somewhere.

q: What's the most confusing day in Harlem??
a: Father's Day.

q: Where do Muslims go after their Friday prayer?
a: To the Allahu Akbar 

q: Whats Darth Vaders corrupt brothers name?
a: Taxi Vader

q: Why chicken commit suicide?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What is Pitbull's favorite restaurant?
a: Jason's Dale!

q: What would you call a terrorist organisation run by wielders of the dark side of the force?
a: ISITH

q: Whats the most essential part of telling a joke about terrorism?
a: an explosive punchline

q: What did Santa say at the brothel?
a: Hoe! Hoe! Hoe!

q: How do you make a gay person angry?
a: You tell him you've kidnapped his mother and that you want $5000 for her release, but when he comes  just tell him it was a prank.

q: Why did a surgeon go to prison?
a: His medical license was doctored.

q: What do you call Nitrogen after the sunrises?
a: Daytrogen.

q: Whats long, brown and sticky?
a: A stick.

q: Why wasn't the pirate invited to the movie theater?
a: Because they didn't have movie theaters back in the 1800's.

q: What do Jaqen H'ghar from Game of Thrones and Christina Aguilera have in common?
a: They both know "what a girl wants" and "what a girl needs".

q: What do you call a crazy judge?
a: Judgemental

q: what's harder than closing your blinds?
a: My dick as I watch you through them

q: Did you hear about the Crucifixion victims?
a: They're screwed up.

q: What do you call lying furniture?
a: Untrustable

q: Why is outer space so cold?
a: All the space heaters are on earth!

q: Where do sick boats go to?
a: The dock.

q: What do you call a galaxy full of Brazilians?
a: The Milky Hue.

q: What do you call a man with no arms and legs that falls into a body of water?
a: Bob.

q: Why was purple jealous?
a: Because red blue green. 

q: What is the difference between a Lira and a Dollar?
a: A Dollar

q: Y'all notice how Tumblr is full of people blogging about guns?
a: Seems like every other blog has a 'Trigger Warning.'  

q: How do you confuse a feminist?
a: Tell her you refuse to allow her to make you a sandwich.

q: What did the penis say to the condom?
a: Cover me, I'm going in..

q: why is a divorce so expensive?
a: Because it's worth it.

q: What do you call a snobby felon falling down the stairs?
a: A condescending condescending!

q: What do you say to a feminist with no arms or legs?
a: Nice tits, bitch.

q: Have you ever thought about dying instantly?
a: couldn't hurt.

q: What's the longest word in the world?
a: Marriage. Because it's not just a word, it's a fuckin' sentence.

q: Why did Ted get fired from his job?
a: Because he would only do the   minimum?

q: How did the Italian chef break up with his girlfriend?
a: "Pasta la vista, baby."

q: Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
a: A: They're both empty from the neck up.

q: Why isn't Kanye West allowed in rural Pennsylvania?
a: An Amish with a tool, you know that's unheard of.

q: What is hot, carbon-dated and buried deep inside Georgia?
a: Her geography teacher's cock.

q: What does a mathematician get from a day at the beach?
a: Tan lines.

q: What is large and grey and shoots tourists in Africa?
a: An elefanatic, of course.

q: Where did Little Suzie go when the bomb hit?
a: Everywhere.

q: Why should you tell bad jokes to cocaine addicts?
a: Because they'll crack up anyways

q: How did the baker put his opponent in checkmate?
a: with an en croissant

q: What's the difference between a school of children and a terrorist camp?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drone  Edit/apology: My friend said this to me, I thought I should share with you all, he said that I could post it here. 5 minutes later he told me he found it on reddit.... I'm sorry all.

q: Which actor is best suited for a programmer role?
a: Dev Patel.

q: I don't understand why fat people get so much hate?
a: They have love handle's not hate handle's

q: You hear the one about the gay judges?
a: Yeah, they tried each other. 

q: What is the car that everyone sleeps in?
a: The Ford Siesta Many thanks to   for that one.

q: What's a Rastafari's least favourite product?
a: Roundup, because it kills the  !

q: Was Jesus Gay?
a: Maybe Jesus was Gay? All this time he was actually saying "Ah, men!"

q: What happened when the husband tried to deep fry his wife?
a: She went to the battered women's shelter

q: What do you call a master at guessing Anime characters?
a: Guesu

q: Why do black people like the rain?
a: For drizzle.

q: What's a Vikings favourite dance?
a: The Loki cokey.

q: What do gay marriage and the World Series have in common?
a: No cubs :)

q: What's the difference between Jelly and Jam?
a: I can't jelly my cock up your ass

q: Why did the SpaceX rocket explode?
a: because I don't love you anymore.

q: Why are lesbians such poor cooks?
a: Because they love to eat out.

q: What does train tracks and breast have in common?
a: They are both ment for boys but in the end it's the men who plays with them

q: Why did the star go to the bathroom?
a: Because it had to Twinkle.

q: Did you hear what the Kathmandu?
a: He Baghdad so he could Bangkok

q: What do Mexicans call a commando?
a: A Juan man army...

q: what is the mods favorite joke?
a: [deleted]

q: Did you hear about that African-Asian summit?
a: Apparently it was a black-thai do.

q: Do you know whats black on the bottom and white on top?
a: Society

q: What do you call Indian flowers?
a: Patels

q: How is Christmas just like another day at the office?
a: You do all the work and a fat guy in a suit gets all the credit.

q: What serious crime has Michelle Obama done?
a: Fucking a monkey! Beastiality is still illegal in most states!

q: Did you know you can see through Caitlyn Jenner?
a: She is trans-parent.

q: What do you call a musician without a girlfriend?
a: Homeless

q: Whats the difference between Mashed Potatoes and Pea Soup?
a: Anyone can mash potatoes!

q: You hear what they are calling Bruce Jenner's new TV show?
a: "Cait Plus 8-inches."

q: Why did they name the T-Rex in Jurassic World Rexy?
a: Because if they went with the first syllable it would have been called Tyranny. 

q: *REQUEST* Anyone know any good "show me a ..." jokes?
a: These used to be sort of popular, and I can only find this as an example: "Show me a man with a nub for an index finger, and I'll show you a man that asked Chuck Norris to 'Pull my Finger'". I think this sub can do better than that. Does anyone out there have some good "show me a..." jokes?! :)

q: Why are flowering plants such good test takers?
a: Because they have all of the anthers!

q: Hey, wanna hear a Jew joke?
a: Israeli funny

q: What do you call a cow stable in Egypt?
a: A Mubarack

q: Why couldn't the feminist change the light bulb?
a: Feminists can't change anything.

q: What did the Nazi without a car say?
a: Damnit! Now I'm going to have to sieg HAIL a cab!

q: A Mexican has 2 kids. He names the first one Jose. What did he name the other?
a: Hose B

q: How do Mexican cut pizza?
a: Little Caesars.

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a baby?
a: A pizza doesn't scream when you break it in 8.

q: Who was the most active of the chinese khanes?
a: Ginseng khan I am in a silly mood.  Have a good day

q: What do gays and republicans have in common?
a: Both are feeling a little butt hurt after yesterdays decision.

q: How long is a short circuit?
a: As long as it takes to   it!

q: What do you call ten thousand pastors setting themselves on fire in protest of marriage equality?
a: A good start.

q: What does a half-dressed Sikh wear on his head?
a: A subturban!

q: How do you tell a chemist from a non-chemist?
a: Ask them to pronounce 'unionized.'

q: How do your trigger a SJW?
a: Oops.

q: What are gay people's favorite pizza?
a: Meatlovers.

q: Why do cow wear bells?
a: Why do cow wear bells .......???? Because their don't work :D :P

q: What does a sassy ghost say?
a: Boo you whore

q: What do you call a smart mexican?
a: Sherlock, Holmes.

q: What do you call a stealthy gay guy?
a: A fruit Ninja 

q: Whats the difference between pork and beef?
a: Once fucking someone and the other one if fucking someone over

q: What's the difference between a seal and a sealion?
a: An electron

q: Why did the Mexican take xanax?
a: Hispanic attacks.

q: What does a Pirate say on his 80th Birthday?
a: What does a Pirate say on his 80th Birthday? Aye Matey!

q: What is green and has wheels?
a: Grass. I lied about the wheels. 

q: Where does a king keep his armies?
a: Up his sleevies

q: what's the best part of living in Sweden?
a: Well, the flags a big plus. edit: FUCK meant Switzerland

q: What's red and orange and looks great on hippies?
a: Napalm

q: What console does god use?
a: Praystation

q: Why did the lesbian cross the road?
a: To get to the other bride!

q: Why is steak harder to cook than spinach?
a: It takes a lot more thyme to accomplish.

q: What did Dora say when Swiper got ahold of her tinder?
a: Swiper no swiping!! 

q: Why did the IT Admin marry Sally?
a: She had a 19" rack.

q: Ever wondered why there were no knock knock jokes about America?
a: Freedom Rings.

q: How many ants does it takes to fill an apartment?
a: Ten-ants

q: How do you get rid of chewing gum in your hair?
a: Cancer :)

q: What do you call someone who takes everything literally?
a: A kleptomaniac!

q: Why did the opossum cross the road?
a: To get to the middle.

q: Why does Snoop Dogg wear a condom?
a: Fo jizzle.

q: What do you call a train when it's eating?
a: A Chew-Chew Train!  Side note, I have cheesy jokes for days.

q: What's the difference between a paddling pool and a swimming pool?
a: Deep ends really.

q: What do the mafia and 69 have in common?
a: A slip of the tongue and you're in for some shit. 

q: What do you call a baby born at 4 months gestation?
a: Doesn't matter, still born.

q: Why is the number 6 always angry?
a: Because 789

q: Why doesn't Jesus play volleyball?
a: All those spikes hurt his hands

q: What's the similarity between a blonde and a tornado?
a: In the beginning there's a lot of sucking and blowing but then she takes half your house

q: Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
a: Because it ran out of juice

q: Want to have a haircut like Jesus?
a: Just ask for the "What Would Jesus 'Do!"

q: What do you call Stephen Hawking before he got motor neuron disease?
a: Stephen Walkin

q: Usian Bolt's favourite country?
a: I-ran ;)

q: What was Cambodia's biggest export in the 90s?
a: Pol Potting mix.

q: What does walking a tightrope and having period sex have in common?
a: You don't want to look down, in either case.

q: What is it called when Batman abandons Gotham city?
a: Christian Bale. 

q: Why did Mr. Steaks decide he would take his wife's surname?
a: Because he didn't want his daughters to be called Ms. Steaks.

q: What's the ultimate rejection?
a: When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.

q: What did Russia say to Ukraine after the conflict was over?
a: Cry me a peninsula.

q: What do you get when you ask for a Roman pinch hitter?
a: An Italian sub!

q: What do you call a fruit that is a vegetable?
a: A crippled homo.

q: What's the most difficult thing about roller-blading?
a: Telling your parents that you are a faggot!

q: What's the difference between a Harley Davidson and a vacuum cleaner?
a: The placement of the dirt bag.

q: What do they do with Tickle-Me-Elmo's before he leaves the factory?
a: Give him a couple of test-tickles.

q: What's your favorite racial (but not racist) joke?
a: How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb? A Brazilian!

q: Why are people with celiac disease more likely to get into heaven?
a: Because they reject setian. 

q: How much steel can a dank meme melt if a dank meme melts steel beams?
a: 9/11 beams

q: Why should've Christians chosen farts over bread?
a: It's more fun to break wind

q: What does a Russian call a product on clearance?
a: Dis cunt.

q: What is the difference between a black guy and a couch?
a: One can actually support a family.

q: What did the Amish IT guy say about the computer?
a: It was a bit buggy.

q: What concert ticket costs 45 cents?
a: 50 Cent feat. Nickelback

q: What's a questionable hole blocker?
a: A butt plug (but why? you ask)

q: If you could travel the world with only one person, who would that be?
a: Dora. She has like everything in her backpack.

q: What do you call Batman when he skips church?
a: Christian Bale

q: Why did the junkie walk into the pet store?
a: To buy some quack croakaine!

q: Hey should we dry out these grapes?
a: I don't see a raisin why not.

q: Do you want a quick joke?
a: Do you want another one?

q: What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a light bulb?
a: You can unscrew the light bulb.  - Steve Martin, "My Blue Heaven"

q: What do you call a poster of a sexy pepper?
a: A jalapinup

q: Why do a lot of math nerds wear glasses?
a: It helps with division.

q: Why was the hippo afraid to go skiing?
a: He didn't want to get hippothermia.

q: How do you know a gypsy woman is pregnant?
a: You put a piece of wire in her and if you feel pulling she is indeed pregnant.

q: What do you get when you mix a Mexican with an octopus?
a: I dont know, but it sure as hell can pick apples.

q: Did you hear about that actress that stabbed herself? Reese something?
a: No it was with her knife

q: Why are vacuum cleaners made by gays the best?
a: Because they really suck.

q: What would Jesus say if you angered him?
a: "I'm Crossed."

q: What is the best way to pass the time on Tatooine?
a: Watch the Dagobah

q: What goes clip-clop clip-clop bang!?
a: An Amish drive-by shooting.

q: Do you think you are stupid?
a: A new teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses. She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks they're stupid, stand up!" After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.  The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?" "No, ma'am, but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself!"

q: Why are Plumbers always so tired?
a: Because their job is draining.

q: What do accountants use for birth control?
a: Their personality.

q: What do you call a person who never passes gas in public?
a: A 

q: What do you call a wanderin' nun?
a: A Roamin' Catholic

q: Did you hear about the three-legged dog that never won an argument?
a: He didn't have a leg to stand on.

q: What's grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow, grey, yellow?
a: An elephant rolling down a hill with a daisy in its mouth!

q: Where do generals keep their armies?
a: in their sleevies 

q: What's one thing that a canoe will do that a Jew won't?
a: tip!

q: What's a boxer's favorite part of a joke?
a: The punchline

q: What's the difference between a high-wire circus trapeze act and the Rockettes?
a: One is a fantastic display of cunning stunts while the other is a fantastic display of stunning cunts

q: Are you a fan of nintendo?
a: because i wanna see your amiiboobs.

q: I can't remember what age I am?
a: Last time I checked I was 15, and that was 10 years ago! 

q: Did you hear about the pirates who became shoe shiners?
a: They were s !

q: Is there a shorter word for monosyllabic?
a: Credit: Stephen Wright

q: Two guys are fighting, who should get the last painkiller?
a: If it is a regular fight, give the painkiller to the loser. If it is a fight to the death, the winner gets the painkiller.

q: Why shouldn't you make jokes about dwarves giving fellatio?
a: It's a bit of a low blow...

q: What did the cow say in winter?
a: Oh my god. I'm Friesian!

q: Did you know cat's are impervious to most rattle snake bites?
a: Said every dog ever.

q: Hermione Granger: What can I wear that won't make me look fat?
a: Ronald Weasley: An invisibility cloak 

q: What do you call a starving robot from space?
a: A C3POpian

q: Why did Kim Jong Un's father go to hospital?
a: He was Kim Jong Il

q: What do you call a woman drowning in money?
a: Rich... Also an ambulance.

q: What do you call three Egyptian women in a bathtub?
a: Gorillas in the mist

q: Who is ant man's worst enemy?
a: Raid

q: What do you call someone who only tells knock-knock jokes?
a: A Jehovah's Witness.

q: What did the Hawaiian terrorists say when they blew up a restaurant?
a: ALOHA SNACKBAR 

q: How did people charge their phones before electricity?
a: They didn't...!

q: What do Canadian banks and psych wards have in common?
a: They both contain locked up loonies!

q: How do you tell the difference between a Fabric Designer and a Science Professor?
a: Ask them to pronounce "LATEX"

q: You know what the hardest thing about rollerblading is?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: Where did the Nazis send the Juice?
a: To the concentration camps. 

q: What's black and doesn't work?
a: A quadriplegic chimney sweep.

q: This may be one all of you have heard, but what do Eric Clapton and coffee have in common?
a: They both suck without Cream.

q: What do bad photographs and the Irish famine have in common?
a: Potato quality

q: What do you call a group of animals who decides to kill themselves?
a: Mass zooicide.

q: Did you hear about the man who found a dollar in his beer?
a: It happened once in a Blue Moon

q: Why did the dinner roll spend his afternoon knocking on doors?
a: He was a Jehovah's Wheatness

q: What do you call a British circle jerk?
a: A Union Jack.

q: Guess who's been sober for 10 months?
a: Robin Williams. 

q: What was an elephant doing on the freeway?
a: About 5 miles per hour.

q: What does Hitler do on a windy day?
a: He flies a kike.

q: What's the lawyer's favorite fruit?
a: the advocado

q: What does a Mexican use to cut pizza with?
a: Little Caesars!

q: What do you call a cat who takes a shortcut in a race?
a: A Cheetah.

q: Why do midgets love playing soccer?
a: The grass tickles their balls.

q: What is a wok?
a: Something you throw at wabbits when you haven't got your wifle.

q: Are you sure that only fools are unarguably convinced?
a: Absolutely!

q: What do you call a dinosaur from the Middle East?
a: An Iran-asaurus!

q: -Where is your wife ?
a: -In the garden. -But I don't see her.  -Oh, you just have to dig a little.

q: A gynecologist and a pizza delivery man. What do they have in common ?
a: -Both of them can sniff "the goods" but no one can touch !

q: What do Pizzas and parents have in common?
a: .. if they are black, you have nothing to eat!

q: What starts with an 'M', ends with 'arriage', and recently made me the happiest man alive?
a: Miscarriage

q: What is Biz Markies favorite farm animal?
a: Ewe, ewe got what I neeeeeed.

q: How do you get 100 Canadians out of a swimming pool?
a: Say "hey, you Canadians! Get out of that swimming pool!"

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park?
a: Neither did he.

q: What do you cal a wine hangover?
a: The grape depression.

q: Why didn't Greece vote for Tyrion?
a: Because a Lannister always pays his debts.

q: What do you call an apathetic Russian?
a: A So-be-it.

q: Call out to CAN_ZIGZAG: what do they call it when a mechanic frees up a stuck gearshift?
a: Manumission

q: What is the Sun's favorite type of music?
a: Sol.

q: What is every bodybuilder's favorite city?
a: Gainsboro.

q: What is a Sloth's favorite breakfast food?
a: Slothages.

q: Why is there such a big contrast between Greek yogurt and regular yogurt?
a: Because they're different cultures.

q: How much sex does one of God's brides have?
a: Nun

q: What do you call a Mexican who can't find his car?
a: Carlos

q: What do you call Hindu ideas about pacifism?
a: Naan Violence

q: How do you spell Canada?
a: C-Eh?-N-Eh?-D-Eh?

q: What was Abraham Lincoln's seating preference?
a: Not John Wilkes Booth!

q: What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
a: Tennish

q: Whats long, green, and smells like pork?
a: Kermits finger

q: how do you confuse a blonde?
a: Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.

q: Why was the ghost late to the halloween party?
a: He had to take a sheet. 

q: What do The Walking Dead and the Fast and Furious series have in common?
a: They both have dead walkers.

q: Did you hear about the time Hitler and Stalin shared an apartment?
a: It turns out that their landlord was the lessor to two evils. 

q: Who invented the knock knock joke?
a: Two wee chaps

q: How does the quadriplegic cross the free way?
a: I'll give you a hint... Take the "F" out of "free" and the "F" out of "way".

q: Guess What Happens When Ur WIFE Gets ROMANTIC While U Taking a Poop ?
a: A Wife, being the Romantic Sort, sent her Husband a text: "If you are sleeping, send me your Dreams.  If you are laughing, send me your Smile.  If you are eating, send me a Bite.  If you are Drinking, send me a Sip.  If you are Crying, send me your Tears. I LOVE YOU!" The Husband, Typically Unromantic, Replied, "I am in the Toilet. Please advise..".

q: What do you call a Jewish gentleman with a healthy sperm count?
a: Circumsized

q: Did you hear about the workers who couldn't stop making subway sandwiches?
a: They were on a roll

q: What do waiters want most after dinner?
a: The tip! 

q: How heavy is the moderation on this sub?
a: And was it in anyway responsible for the death of FPH.

q: Hey friend wanna hear a joke ?
a: Another time.

q: How do you make Canadians?
a: Fucking eh's.  I'll see myself out. 

q: Why was Skippy falsely imprisoned?
a: Because it was a kangaroo court.

q: Why did Plato's worst student always have stuff stuck in his teeth?
a: He didn't understand Flossophy!

q: Are you looking for work spreading the word of Jesus?
a: Because I can offer you the missionary position.

q: What do we say to the god of procrastination?
a: Not today.

q: Are you frome Tennessee?
a: Because you're a bitch.

q: If H2O is inside a fire hydrant, what's outside of it?
a: K9P

q: What's a 90's kid's favorite salad?
a: Quinoa & Kale

q: What happens when you give an Autobot a blowjob?
a: The power goes out.

q: Did you hear Caitlyn Jenner got a new cat?
a: It's a rottweiler. 

q: What is an astronaut's favorite power tool?
a: An orbital sander

q: What do you call cheese that's not yours ?
a: Nacho cheese 

q: What's blue and doesn't weigh much?
a: Light blue

q: What do you call a robbery of Italian ice cream?
a: Grand Theft Gelato

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an irish family?
a: None

q: If you had bad legs, why wouldn't you want to be a college professor?
a: Because you never sitty down!

q: What did Barack say to Michelle when he proposed?
a: I don't want to be Obama self.

q: How many Einsteins does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Relatively few

q: What does Batman do on Father's Day?
a: He oh...

q: Why is women's soccer so boring?
a: Because all the good female athletes play in men's leagues. Thank you, thank you.

q: What do you call an elderly burglar's vagina?
a: A Crook Granny's Nooky Cranny!

q: Why did the Catholic church decide to abandon science?
a: Light stopped having mass

q: Where do you find a liberal at a convention?
a: In the far left corner!

q: I get wetter as you get dryer. What am I?
a: A necrophiliac. 

q: What kind of fish has no father and looks like shit?
a: A Bassturd. 

q: Why does Carlos Mencia love r/jokes?
a: Reposts are allowed. 

q: Why did I spill root beer on a DNS server?
a: Just because ICANN.

q: Why do girls always get mad when I try to read their shirts?
a: It's not my fault I'm blind.

q: What do you call a singer who enjoys spicy food?
a: Frank Sriracha

q: Mom, have you seen my turtle?
a: Your friends took it outside to play. They're cracking walnuts.

q: Who do Canadians call when their car breaks down?
a: Triple, eh?

q: Why does everybody hate tampons?
a: They're stuck up bitches.

q: Why can't an eel and an eagle team up?
a: Because it would be eel-eagle!

q: Why do Jihadist Muslims drink only instant coffee?
a: Because they completely hate the French press. (Reposted) 

q: What's the difference between a chestnut and a walnut?
a: Your aim.

q: What do you call a Jewish man, mid ejaculation?
a: A Heblew.

q: Why was the terrorist masturbating on the plane?
a: He was hijacking it.

q: Why did the Jamaican go to Syria?
a: To get stoned

q: What do hillbillies do on Halloween?
a: Pump kin.

q: What's the difference between a vegetarian and a brony?
a: A vegetarian doesn't like meat in their mouth.

q: Why did the plant get sentenced to death?
a: Cause bush did 9/11

q: Why did the chicken cross the road with a knife?
a: Because it saw Lena Dunham on the other side. 

q: What do you call a duck that's a drug addict?
a: A quack-head.

q: What did the jews not like about the Holocaust?
a: The caust

q: What did one hat say to the other hat?
a: You wait here, I'm going to go on a head. 

q: You know why someone who's good at something is "The Shit"?
a: Because those who can't teach and those who do do.

q: what do you call 4 and 25 cents?
a: foreign change 

q: What's the difference between a battery and a women?
a: The Battery has a positive side.

q: How come no one tries to blow up the Pope?
a: I thought he was inflatable.

q: How do you make an internet addict wait?
a: I'll tell you later. 

q: Have you guys seen the movie about Flapjacks?
a: Don't. It was critically panned.

q: What has 6 arms, 3 legs, and 2 feet?
a: The Boston marathon finish line.

q: How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: It's like a really obscure number you have probably never heard of.

q: What do you call 2 gay Irishmen?
a: Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael 

q: Why is 'secret' such a popular password on Brazzers?
a: You can type it with one hand.

q: How many blind men would it take to change a light bulb?
a: Why the fuck would a blind man need a light bulb?

q: Ddi Humpty Dumpty have a good winter?
a: No, but he had a great Fall.

q: What do you call a baby Muslim?
a: A hand grenade.

q: Why did sexual frustration impede the development of mathematics in Ancient Greece?
a: Because mathematicians in Ancient Greece couldn't get no irrational fraction . . . 

q: Do you want to hear a joke about sports cars?
a: Are you sure?  It contains spoilers!

q: How did Ramadan go?
a: It went by pretty FAST!

q: What's the code name for a nitrogen molecule?
a: Double 07.

q: What did the child with no hands get for his birthday?
a: Nobody knows yet.

q: What Rock group has four men who don't sing?
a: Mount Rushmore.

q: Did you guys ever hear the peanut butter joke?
a: Actually nevermind. It may spread

q: What's the difference between the NRA and ISIS?
a: One is a mob of crazed, gun-toting, raving psychotics with radical political viewpoints who rove around with surplus American military gear, inspire acts of mass-murder, and dictate terms to a public that wants nothing to do with them, and the other is... Uhh, wait a minute...

q: What kind of fruit can't get married?
a: A Cantleope

q: what do you call a Cow with no legs?
a: ground beef. what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef. what do you call a cow with two legs? your mother.

q: Why is it so hard to breakup with Japanese girls?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice

q: What do you call two doctors with colds?
a: An ironic paradox.

q: What does Chick-fil-A and their CEO have in common?
a: Both hate when people stick beef between two buns.

q: Why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight?
a: BECAUSE HE WAS USING A BANANA FOR SCALE

q: What do you call two nuts on the wall?
a: Walnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chest? Chestnuts. What do you call two nuts on your chin? A dick in your mouth.

q: What do you call an Fit Chick?
a: Anna Bolika

q: Did you hear about the crowd of Catholic priests at baby Gap?
a: The sign in the window advertised "Little Boys Pants Half Off!"

q: Did you hear about the wheat farmer that got sent to jail?
a: His wife   him out.

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at the daycare?
a: They woke him up, he's fine.

q: What do Jewish people drink after they spray tan?
a: Orange Jews. 

q: What is the male cover band of The Cranberries called?
a: Boysenberries

q: Why is gravity the weakest of the 4 fundamental forces?
a: Because it doesn't even lift.

q: What do you call a gay man's nut sack?
a: Mud Flaps

q: Why did the fatty cross the road?
a: Because the free pizza wouldn't

q: What do you call Bill O'Reilly?
a: Ass seen on TV.

q: Why don't Jewish cannibals eat Germans?
a: Because they give them gas.

q: Did you hear about the Chicken who went for his job interview?
a: He got roasted!

q: What's a woman who always knows where her husband is?
a: A widow. 

q: Why is a Christmas tree like a bridegroom?
a: After the big day, its balls are the first thing to come off.

q: Why couldn't Helen Keller vote?
a: She was a woman! And it wasn't until 1920 when the 19th Amendment was ratified. At this point she was 40 years old and could vote.

q: What can a mathematician and a pedophile agree upon?
a: 11 is a prime number.

q: What's another name for a ghost writer?
a: A prose-titute.

q: What's better than two roses on your piano?
a: Tulips on your organ.

q: Did you hear the one about the guy who could never remember the punchline?
a: It...um...it was a pretty good one.

q: How was marriage instituted?
a: A bunch of prostitutes wanted to start a labor union.

q: What is better than Roses on a Piano?
a: Tulips on an Organ. 

q: Whats the difference between a black man and Batman?
a: Batman can go to a store without robin.

q: (Not a joke) Can have some flairs for the type of joke?
a: So we'll know which jokes are One-liners,short,long,punny,and anti-humor 

q: What kind of sex toys do terrorists prefer?
a: Blow up dolls.

q: What's the main difference between a man and a woman?
a: It's what comes to mind when they think of the word facial. 

q: What does blue paint taste like?
a: Exactly like red paint!

q: What do you call a heard of sperm whales?
a: Bukkake.

q: What did the scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of Helium?
a: HeHe

q: Why do gyms produce the best Rebels?
a: Because of all the resistance training

q: How do you say nachos in English??
a: Mine!

q: Whats the difference between jam and jelly?
a: I can't jelly my dick up your ass

q: What happens if an Asian gets stung by a bee?
a: Their GPA drops

q: Dad Joke - Did the melon get married without permission?
a: No, it Cantelope.

q: Why did the WTC get hit by Terrorist?
a: They didn't get hit by Terrorists. 

q: What do my ex and a box of chocolate have in common?
a: They kill my dog.

q: Whats a cannibals favorite game?
a: Swallow the leader. 

q: What do Chinese lumberjacks do?
a: Chopsticks

q: How does Pocahontas celebrate her Cake Day?
a: With a Pao Wow.

q: Whats white and likes to shoot?
a: Kevin Nash

q: What do you get if you spray tan a bunch of Jewish people and throw them into Auschwitz?
a: Concentrated orange Jews.

q: How do you stop a woman giving you a blow job?
a: Marry her. 

q: Why do Nazis hate Canadian summers?
a: They're mostly Julys. 

q: What happened to the Russians and Austrians at Austerlitz?
a: They got Napoleon Blownapart! Happy 200th Anniversary of Waterloo everyone! 

q: What is the difference between a terrorist training camp and a Pakistani elementary school?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drones. 

q: Q: Which is the most courteous State in the US?
a: A: Conetiquette

q: How many fat people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 3. One to unscrew the light bulb and screw a new one on another one to operate the crane and a third one to say when the chicken is ready.

q: Why did Olly call the manager for help, outside the store?
a: For the watch..

q: What do you call a French baker who sucks cock?
a: a faguette

q: What do you call an angry black man?
a: Typical. What do you call an angry white man? Active shooter.

q: How does Thor's brother like to party?
a: He likes to keep it pretty Lo-key

q: How does Frodo make his own food?
a: Through Frodosynthesis

q: What did the SMG dad say to his son?
a: Bizon  Joke by:   

q: Did you know that Jose is an American name?
a: It's mentioned in the very first line of the U.S. National Anthem. 

q: how much can you take?
a: a woman with her daughter were chatting when the grandmother came in. The mother was saying : "i can take it til the the first third then it becomes really hard for me." The daughter said :"well, i can stand the first half only then i can't take it anymore" The grandmother replied : "even if he goes balls deep i wont feel a thing" they both look at her with a WTF look and the mother say "uh. mom.. we're talking about Ramadan"

q: What is the only thing easier to break than a Razer headset?
a: Your sister's hymen. 

q: Why did Mickey Mouse get shot in the foxhole?
a: Because Donald ducked.

q: What's snoop dogg's favorite author?
a: Tolkien.

q: Why did ygritte break up with Jon Snow?
a: She didn't want six inches of snow all year long. 

q: What's the worst thing you can hear when Willy Nelson is going down on you?
a: I'm not Willy Nelson

q: Why does Bob Seger always laugh when he plays chess?
a: He thinks it's funny how the Knight moves.

q: What does the B in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for?
a: Benoit B. Mandelbrot

q: Why did?
a: Why did the house cross the road, One of the most difficult to solve cross the road jokes, I'll give the answer when you all give.

q: What's Jon Snow's favorite children's book?
a: Where The Wildlings Are

q: Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple?
a: Listening to an antijoke.

q: What do you call a confused baker?
a: I dough know. 

q: Why did the lion eat the tightrope walker?
a: He wanted a well balanced meal.

q: Why do nursing homes give men Viagra before they sleep?
a: So they won't roll out of bed.

q: Did you hear about the Mexican man who went to the old people home to visit his grandpa?
a: See senior. 

q: Why are there so many dogs at the pound?
a: Because no one wants them.

q: Why did religion cross the road?
a: God is the answer.

q: Two hippies, a man and a woman, fell off a cliff at the same time. Which one died first?
a: Neither. It was a tie-die.

q: Why don't Buddhists have Instagram?
a: They don't believe in the concept of a selfie.

q: What is Polands national sport?
a: Paintball

q: How did Donald Trump manage to stay away from the H?
a: He got "uge" 

q: When and where do chemists have sex?
a: Periodically, on the table. 

q: What ever happened to Windows 9?
a: Windows 7 8 9.

q: Why didn't Jon Snow skateboard?
a: He couldn't get passed the Olly

q: What do you call a Wolfman who barks at a half moon?
a: UnawareWolf

q: Where can a hand refuel its car?
a: At a fist pump.

q: How do you stop a North Korean tank?
a: Shoot the guy driving the cardboard box.

q: Why did Jon Snow buy an athletic cup?
a: For the crotch.

q: Why are gay guys always butthurt?
a: Oh yeah.

q: Why should you never use r/television 's fridge to store mutton?
a: It always spoils the GoT.

q: Where would you find more Leifs than in a forest?
a: Valhalla.

q: Any good Jokes?
a: Do you guys have any good jokes to share with people?

q: What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner?
a: He breaks his nose.

q: Do you know what the President said to Michelle when he proposed?
a: I don't wanna be Obama self. P.S. I know, it was super cheesy.

q: What is Vladimir Putins favorite food?
a: Peaches and Krim

q: How do you pick up a jew?
a: Dust pan and brush

q: Why do Nazis love Vinyls?
a: Cause you can turn the tables from 45 to 33. 

q: You know Michael Jackson had a pro baseball contract?
a: Unfortunately he never made it out of the minors and into the bigs.

q: Why did Jon Snow stand in line for 6 hours at the Apple Store?
a: For the watch

q: How many blacks does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 5/3. The same amount as for whites. 

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
a: Because the 'P' is silent.

q: What was the last thing that went through the Sandy Hook child's mind?
a: A bullet.  I apologize if that joke was aimed for a younger audience. I love Sandy Hook jokes, they never get old. Just like those children.

q: Guess what the sky said to the transmission tower?
a: I gotchu covered.

q: What is the correct way to refer to an OP who resides in Europe?
a: The Continental OP.

q: How do you get 1000 dead babies into the bed of a pickup truck?
a: A blender! How do you get them out? Nacho chips!

q: What is white a d 14 inches long?
a: Nothing.

q: Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill all the bugs at his ex girlfriend's house?
a: He's her ex-terminator

q: Did you hear that Michelle Obama banned reddit?
a: Apparently all of the admins made the fat content too high.

q: Oldie but goody... What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they'll just beat the room for being black

q: How many gay guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Three. One to screw it in, one to pour the wine, and one to say 'marvelous, simply marvelous!'

q: Who is modern fiction's most notorious serial killer?
a: George R. R. Martin.

q: Have you heard about that new program that only the living can watch?
a: You'd have to be dead to miss it!

q: Why are people in jail always mad?
a: Because they are constantly butt-hurt.

q: Is this funny?
a: A man walked into a zoo and was asked by a stranger to identify a particular snake.  He responded.  "Do I look like a herpetologist?".  To which the stranger replied " Herpetologist. Paleontologist. Urologist.  Oncologist.  Proctologist.  In the end you are just a gist" Thanks for your help.  I want to use it and I am not sure if it works.  If not can you help me out?  

q: Why did Jon Snow need a new battery?
a: For the watch.

q: Want to know what makes my johnson magic?
a: It transmists H.I.V

q: Why can't Miss Piggy count to 100?
a: At 69 she always gets a frog in her throat.

q: Do you want to know what Jon Snow and yo momma have in common?
a: They both can be stabbed multiple times and not die...

q: Do you want to hear a Knock Knock joke?
a: Okay, you start it.

q: What's the difference between a hipster and a fire hose?
a: It takes more than one hipster to push the black people out of a neighborhood.

q: Why doesn't Barbie have any kids?
a: Because Ken came in another box.

q: Where do poor people live in Italy?
a: In the spaghetto

q: Is having a penis easy?
a: Well it can be hard sometimes

q: Where do cousins come from?
a: Ant holes

q: What the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom?
a: A pick pocket snatches watches

q: What is the difference between a human dad and a moth dad?
a: Two letters.

q: Wenn ist das Nunstck git und Slotermeyer?
a: Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!

q: What do auditioning for an acting role and playing sports have in common?
a: If you break a leg, you get cast

q: What happens when you flip an 8 to it's side?
a: Everything, given enough time

q: why are terrorists so popular at parties?
a: Because They're the bomb

q: What do you call a coi fish that can't swim?
a: A decoi

q: Guess what God said to Joan Rivers when she just arrived in Heaven?
a: Thank you, Bruce really needed those botox to make his wife and daughters as beautiful as he is

q: Did you hear about the mathematician whos afraid of negative numbers?
a: He'll stop at nothing to avoid them. 

q: Why did the acronym buff decide to go join the etymologists instead?
a: He heard they had PIE.

q: did you know that the earth used to be 100% water?
a: that was until yo momma got thirsty.

q: What do do you call a Mexican rolling in the sand?
a: A churro.

q: What's the difference between a corn farmer with epilepsy and a prostitute with dysentery?
a: One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.

q: What do you call a rooster who is okay with his wife screwing other cocks?
a: A cluckold.

q: Why are Asians no good a football ( soccer) ?
a: Because whenever they get a corner they open a shop !

q: Why can't truck drivers ever fully retire?
a: Because they can only semi retire. 

q: Why did the fisherman decide to go fishing?
a: For the halibut.

q: Why can't Java programmers see well?
a: Because of the eclipse

q: Why does Game of Thrones always kill off its main characters?
a: For the good of the watch.

q: What's the difference between a hipster and a lumberjack?
a: The lumberjack has a job.

q: What does DNA stand for?
a: National Dyslexic Association

q: Why is it the worst for Stevie Wonder when stopped by the police?
a: He doesn't know why they're beating him to death

q: What do I have in common with neutrinos ?
a: We're both constantly penetrating your mom 

q: What did the pianist do when someone smashed his piano?
a: He played many more pieces.

q: What do you call someone who raises poultry?
a: A chicken tender.

q: What's the first thing you do when attacked by a gang of clowns?
a: Go straight for the juggler.

q: What makes you special?
a: My extra chromosome. 

q: Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world?
a: Q: What is the tallest building in the entire world?  A: The library, because it has so many stories.

q: What do you call a starving artist from 17th Century England?
a: baroque

q: What do you call a man who jokes that women always make mountains out of molehills?
a: An ambulance. 

q: What brand of Vacuum Cleaner does Snoop Dogg use?
a: Bissell

q: What do Chefs and Murderers have in common?
a: The best ones clean up after themselves

q: did you know that protons have mass?
a: I didn't even know they were Catholic!

q: How many months have 28 days in a leap year?
a: 12 months not just february!

q: What did the janitor say when he came out of the closet?
a: SUPPLIES!

q: The worst part of being a pedophile?
a: Fitting in.

q: How many dead hookers in a basement does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Obviously more than four, because it's still dark as fuck in here.

q: Whats the last thing to go through a bugs mind as it hits the windshield of your car?
a: Its asshole.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a bowl of ramen noodles?
a: A bowl of ramen noodles is actually ready in 5 minutes.

q: How many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in tents.

q: What do you call an Arab with a jet?
a: A Navy pilot, asshole.

q: Do you have a turn down?
a: Turn down for what? 

q: What is long, pink, and drags along the ocean floor?
a: Moby's Dick

q: What is the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it.

q: What do you call a collection of Tyler Perry's movies?
a: Fifty Shades of Black

q: What happened to the egg when it heard the joke?
a: It cracked.

q: Where do hipsters buy their clothes?
a: Most likely a thrift store or Urban Outfitters, TBH.

q: Why does VALVE end with 2?
a: Because they can't count to 

q: Do you know what a 9V battery and an asshole have in common?
a: No matter how hard you try, you're eventually going to press your tongue to it. 

q: What do you call the guy who envies his friend's gelatin?
a: Jello-us

q: What do you call a pushy asshole potato?
a: A dic-tater.

q: Why does BuzzFeed skip every other number when counting?
a: They literally can't even.

q: Did you know Zimbabwe loves the rapper 50 Cent?
a: Or as he's known there, 400 billion dollars.

q: What do you call a depressed dog swimming in a pool?
a: A watermeloncollie.

q: Why doesn't Bono like Google?
a: He still hasn't found what he's looking for.

q: What is blue and smells like red paint?
a: blue paint

q: What do 'Free bird' by Lynyrd Skynyrd and my orgasms have in common?
a: 5 minutes solo. Meh.

q: Why doesn't God want to argue with Satan?
a: Because Satan has more politicians to help him.

q: Where does Iron man get his e-mail?
a: Fe-mail

q: What the difference between Reddit and other sites?
a: On some of them you actually have a voat

q: Why is the Champs-lyses lined with trees?
a: So the Germans can march in the shade.

q: Why did the cook go to jail?
a: He was caught beating the egg

q: Why was Joseph late to the meeting?
a: He was Stalin.

q: Why do hipsters love Raiders of the Lost Ark?
a: Because it's the first Indy movie.

q: What's pirates' favourite meme?
a: Ayy lmao

q: What's the warmest organ in a dead woman's body?
a: My dick.

q: Why is the hipster sweating?
a: Because he wore a scarf before it was cool.

q: What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room?
a: You made the chain too long in the kitchen.

q: If you could pick any superhero name and power, what would they be?
a: My name would be "Dad" and my power would be  ...

q: Why does a dog?
a: Why does a dog lick its butt?  To get the taste of dog food out of its mouth.

q: What do you call a belt made out of watches?
a: A waist of time...

q: Did you hear about the murdered essay?
a: They can't find the body. 

q: What makes Skrillex skillful at the chemistry lab?
a: He rocks at 

q: What paint is most popular in modern buildings?
a: Microsoft Paint

q: Why did the Chihuahua laugh?
a: The cow jumped over the moon.

q: Did you know that Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer?
a: Too bad he never cries.

q: Which university has the most muslims?
a: SUNY

q: What do you call a man with no arms, no legs, and is on fire?
a: Bernie. 

q: What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf?
a: Little.

q: what did the horny man say to his girlfriend?
a: let's have sex

q: What do you call someone who is obsessed with a constant breeze?
a: a 'fan'atic. 

q: What's Batman's favorite food?
a: Ba-na-na-na-na-na-na-na

q: What do lawyers and sperm have in common?
a: 1 in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being.

q: How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm?
a: Look for the fresh prints.

q: What type of transporter does Mr. Scott use?
a: A Beemer.

q: Is it true that in Siberia, bears walk on the streets?
a: Nah, that's bullshit. There are no streets in Siberia.

q: Why does lightning strike in France so often?
a: Because it follows the path of least resistance.

q: Why did the plane crash into the ocean?
a: The pilot was a loaf of bread

q: What does a man eat when he cannot run off with his girlfriend?
a: Cantaloupe

q: What was the last phone call made from the Twin Towers?
a: An order for two large plains.

q: Why does Star Wars Movies numbering scheme starts with 4,5,6?
a: Because in charge of the numbers, Yoda was

q: what do you call a fat woman who has 28 men in bed with her each night?
a: yo mama

q: What makes a black joke funny?
a: A grape punch line

q: What do you get when you cross an Elephant and a Rhino?
a: 'Elephino!

q: You know what's been making headlines?
a: Corduroy pillows 

q: Why did the guitarist go to prison?
a: For fingering a minor.

q: Why are black people unfair?
a: Because they're unfair.

q: Have you heard of Evil Knievals brother Ku Klux Knievel?
a: He once tried to jump 50 black mean on a steamroller.

q: Why was the double leg amputee sentenced to life?
a: He had no leg to stand on.

q: Have you heard about the man with no dick ?
a: he came outta nowhere

q: How can you tell that Caitlyn Jenner was once a man?
a: Because she's better at being a woman than most women are.

q: What did one orphan say to another?
a: Get in the Batmobile Robin.

q: Whats in the middle of girl's leg ?
a: And the answer is, 'Knee'

q: Whats that when you keep moving constantly produces something white ?
a: Its toothbrush dear dirty minded people.. 

q: Wha do you call when a whale gets circumcised?
a: A huge disappointment.  Edit: give me a T!

q: What do you call a white woman that identifies as black?
a: TransRachel - credit Jennie

q: Did you hear the one about the man who got swallowed by a whale?
a: Turns out he survived by running all the way to the end until he was all pooped out!

q: What was the best thing Kurt Cobain ever released?
a: The safety. 

q: How many times can your grandmother orgasm per hour?
a: I'll let you guess first before I tell you...

q: How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg?
a: He has to Breddit

q: Wife: Can you check the dryer?
a: Me: You put a check in the dryer? Don't you know money laundering is illegal?

q: What breaks when you give it to a baby?
a: Its hips.

q: What do you call a prisoner who's psychic,has dwarfism and escaped the prison?
a: A small medium at large!

q: Who is Bobby Long?
a: and why do all these reggae artists keep talking about wanting to burn him. 

q: What do you call it when someone accidentally gives you a handjob?
a: A stroke of luck.

q: How do you sink a norwegian submarine?
a: Swim down and knock on the hatch. (In Sweden we have a running tradition of telling jokes about stupid norwegians. They do the same about swedes)

q: A Spanish-speaking sailor met Poseidon and asked the God of the Water if he was wet all the time?
a: Poseidon: "Sea, Seor!"

q: What do you call a sexy BLONDE that understands what you're saying?
a: A MissUnderstanding!

q: What do you call a lamppost in Niger?
a: Progress. 

q: Why did Jesus have to walk everywhere?
a: He drove a Ford.

q: Did you hear about Ryan Seacrest's beard?
a: Apparently she's a former Miss Teen USA.

q: What do you get when you cross the world's most famous skater with the world's best physicist?
a: A video game so realistic, when you screw up you have to play in a wheelchair.  

q: What do you find at an end of the rainbow?
a: Violet

q: Why is MetLife Stadium the windiest stadium in the NFL?
a: Because there's a Giant fan in every seat.

q: What did the bookshelf say when it looked in the mirror?
a: "I can see my shelf"

q: Why do black men weep when they make love to white women?
a: Mace.

q: Why do black men smell bad?
a: Because prison showers aren't very good...

q: What did the prostitute bring to the can drive?
a: Her peas

q: Why is the topmost floor the best place to drink in?
a: That's how you set the bar high.

q: What starts with e, ends with e, and only contains one letter?
a: an Envelope  EDIT: My deepest Canadian apologies to those who are calling this a riddle. I always took it as a cheesy joke

q: How many 3rd wave feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Whats the point? 3rd wave feminists can't take a joke anyway.

q: Why is it so hard to learn the C programming language?
a: It has no class.

q: What's the shortest organ in a goat?
a: An ISIS member's dick.

q: What is the main difference between real numbers and women?
a: Real numbers having period are rational.

q: What's a life without units?
a: Unmeasurable.

q: What did Spock find in the toilet?
a: Captain's log.

q: What does a stick of Big Red and a Jamaican prisoner have in common?
a: Dey both sinna, mon!

q: How come computers are soo smart?
a: It is because they listen to their motherboard.

q: Why did Ellen Pao cross the road?
a: [deleted]

q: What's the difference between an oyster fisherman with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The fisherman shucks between fits.

q: What's better than winning a gold medal in the quadriplegic (crippled) Olympics?
a: Walking.

q: Have you ever smelt moth balls?
a: Well who held his wings back?   Oldie but a goodie from my grandpa.

q: Hear about the lady who backed into a fan?
a: Disaster

q: What do you call bacon wrapped frog legs?
a: The Muppets

q: why do hens have no tits?
a: 'cause roosters got no hands

q: How do you spot a vegan at the gym?
a: Pretty much the same as anyone else.

q: What's the difference between a 6 month old and a 20 year old?
a: About 6 garbage bags and 30 gallons of formaldehyde.

q: You know how I deal with migraines?
a: I store them in migranary.

q: If a hipster falls in the middle of the woods and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
a: Yeah, but you've probably never heard it before.

q: How many country singers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and another to sing about all the good times they had with the lightbulb. 

q: Did you here about the woman who got attacked by a gang of mimes?
a: They performed unspeakable acts on her.

q: Why are there no Wal Marts in Iraq, Iran, or Afghanistan?
a: Because there are already too many targets.   (credit: some old veteran bum looking guy sleeping on a bench at the police station I went to today.)

q: What's the M0D's name before they're triggered; turning into a furious, putrid, lump of blubber?
a: Bruce Banner  

q: How to you make an octopus laugh?
a: ...you give it ten tickles

q: Did you know diarrhea is a genetic disorder?
a: It runs in your jeans.

q: What do reddit admins eat?
a: Everything

q: What is Will Smith's job ?
a: He's a blacksmith

q: Q: What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
a: A: Comet

q: What is the number 1 pickup line at a gay bar?
a: May I push your stool in?

q: What did the Chinese say to the American?
a: 

q: How does a cow quickly do math?
a: With a cow-culator!  (Rimshot)

q: Whats the best part about having sex with Caitlyn Jenner?
a: Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through

q: Why does Ur anus look so smooth compared to other gas giants in our solar system?
a: Gillette.

q: How many fat people does it take to get a subreddit banned?
a: [This post has been banned for your protected - Ellen Pao]      

q: What is Ellen Pao's favourite piece of Malware?
a: Ponzi Buddy

q: (DARK HUMOR) Why can't Jesus eat M&M's?
a: Because they keep falling through the holes in his hands.

q: How do furries have sex?
a: Fur-nication! 

q: Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock Knock. Who's there? Knock Knock KNOCK KNOCK. Who is there?
a: The pilot. 

q: Why did Hitler invade Poland?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What did capital 'O' say to capital 'Q'?
a: "Hey, put that thing back in your trousers!"

q: You guys wanna hear a joke?
a: Ellen Pao

q: When's the best time to see an optometrist?
a: When you can't.

q: Why don't suicide bombers bathe?
a: Because they are preparing a stink bomb

q: Does Caitlyn even have a vagina?
a: "No, she has a  "

q: What do Angels fans and gay men both have in common?
a: They both love Pujols

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic baker who advertised a job vacancy?
a: He got no customers because his sign said, "Looking for staff, a pie within."

q: Do you know what a gay snake sounds like?
a: Tthhhhhhh

q: Where can you find a turtle that has no legs?
a: Exactly where you left it.

q: What is Spiderman's perfect job?
a: A web designer.

q: You know what I call drowsy driving?
a: Multitasking.

q: What do you call a confident chicken?
a: Cocky

q: Where did bob go during the explosion?
a: ...everywhere.......

q: Did you hear about the romantic comedy that has a cast consisting only of Vine stars?
a: They've already announced the title: "P.S. I Got 'Eem".

q: What is the difference between a garbanzo beans and a chickpea?
a: I would never let a garbanzo bean in my mouth.

q: Why do nuns always travel in pairs?
a: Because one nun follows the other nun to make sure that nun doesn't get none.

q: What was the name of Hitler's Political Party: A, B, C, or D?
a: Heres a hint: It's not C!

q: Why wont Goldilocks drink a glass of water with 8 pieces of ice in it?
a: Because it's too cubed!

q: Would you guys buy Apple's new product for lumberjacks?
a: iWood.

q: In the song "Fancy," why do Iggy Azalea and Charli XCX sing about getting drunk on the mini bar?
a: Because they only wanted to get a little drunk.

q: What do you call a female with down syndrome?
a: Debby Downer 

q: What do you call an ugly dinosaur?
a: An eyesaur

q: What size bed comfortably fits a married couple?
a: Twin. Because the husband has to sleep on the couch. 

q: Why did the dog go to the vets?
a: He was pawly.  I'm sorry. I'll see myself out.

q: Did you hear about my cruel psychic Maths teacher called Moe who's great with a sniper rifle?
a: He's a mean medium, Moe, with range.

q: What do twenty blondes standing ear to ear make?
a: A wind tunnel.

q: Two blondes went to a drive-in movie. What movie did they go to see?
a: "Closed for Winter".

q: What's better than eating a mandarin?
a: Eating a manda-out.

q: What is yellow and eats beetles for a living?
a: Yoko Ono.

q: How can you call someone and sound fabulous?
a: Use a homophone.

q: Why don't the dutch have a space program?
a: Their spaceships Netherland.

q: What beverage should you give someone who is publicly intoxicated?
a: penal tea edit: to someone

q: What does the farmer, looking for his tractor, say?
a: Where is my tractor?

q: Why does Snow White turns yellow when she's angry instead of red?
a: because she's pissed.

q: What's the most boring cut of meat?
a: Filet minYAWN

q: What do you call a charming tool?
a: A rake

q: Why was Sir Lancelot too tired to jump over the moat?
a: He didn't get a good knight's leap. Wakka wakka!

q: What else can you call pictures depicting children sexually?
a: Underdeveloped photos.

q: What's your name?
a: A man was at a bar when a beautiful woman walked up to him to say hello. He asks her name to which she says Jane. She asked his name, he said, Ra Ra Ra Ra Ra Fa fa fa fa fa el el el el el el. "Oh, I'm sorry I wasn't aware you had a speech impediment!" she says to him. "Oh my no, I speak just fine. My father was the one with the speech impediment. The person who registered me was just a son of a bitch!"

q: Why are sandwiches better in space?
a: They are always a bit METEOR! 

q: Q: What do you call a lawyer who has gone bad?
a: A: Senator.

q: The difference between Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee?
a: Why does Chuck Norris have a lot of jokes but Bruce Lee doesn't? Because Bruce Lee is no joke... 

q: What do scientists and vegetables have in common?
a: Stephen Hawking

q: How many ghosts does it take to change one lightbulb?
a: Zero. They don't exist.

q: What do they eat instead of "pigs in a blanket" in McKinney, TX?
a: Pork in a roll. (At least I'm trying)

q: What happened to Wendy from Wendy's?
a: "The Baconator"

q: What's the difference between an English pig and a French pig?
a: A French pig goes, "Oui! Oui! Oui!" all the way home.

q: What's a pirate's favourite amino acid?
a: Arrrginine

q: What's the difference between a joke and two dicks?
a: You don't look like you could take a joke.

q: what did Spock find in the ships lavatory?
a: the captain's log

q: Why do they put cotton in the top of pill bottles?
a: So black people remember they were cotton pickers before they were drug dealers.

q: Why do Ethiopian girls give the best head?
a: They always swallow.

q: What does star trek and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both fly around Uranus looking for Klingons' s

q: Wife: You said you'll keep me as a queen but you make me dig the farm all day. WTF is this about?
a: Husband: Darling you are my Queen of Spades.

q: What did the Brontosaurus say to the Stegosaurus?
a: "Get Jurassic over here!"

q: who is a skeletons favorite music artist?
a: BONE JOVI!!!!!!!

q: What's long, hard, and has cum in it?
a: A cucumber.  edit: words

q: Why does Hellen Keller use two hands for masturbation?
a: One to masturbate, one to moan.

q: What would you call it if Hitler was mad?
a: inFUHRERiated.

q: What's a divorce attorney's favorite dessert?
a: Wedding cake

q: Did you hear the one about the three holes in the ground?
a: Well well well.....

q: Whats the difference between cats and dogs?
a: Dogs have owners, cats have staff.

q: What did the kid with no arms and legs get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: What does a television have in common with a rabbit?
a: His ears! Yes, this is a real joke I got from a Laffy Taffy wrapper today, not 30 years ago.  I did not laugh. 

q: What is Beethoven doing right now?
a: Decomposing.

q: What's his name?
a: A man walks into a bedroom and sees a hot, naked woman lying face-down on the bed. Q:  What's his name? A:  Willie Turner Q:  What's   name? A:  Betty Will

q: What's pink and fluffy?
a: Pink fluff!!!

q: What killed the Wicked Witch of The West?
a: Splash damage 

q: Why does a milking stool only have three legs?
a: The cow has the udder.

q: What do you call a Chinese Podiatrist?
a: Hee Lan To

q: What do a woman and a grenade have in common?
a: Pull off the ring and the house is gone.

q: Why don't many buddhists work in the railroad industry?
a: they have too many ohms to be good conductors.

q: Have you ever smelled moth balls? Oh, you have?
a: How'd you get between their tiny little legs?

q: How many guys wearing turbans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Sikhs.

q: How do you sabotage a space mission ?
a: Send Matt Damon

q: What is the difference between a yogurt and america?
a: If you leave the yogurt for 100 years alone, it develops a culture.

q: What's the difference between Hitler and cops?
a: Come on, he wasn't that bad.

q: Did you hear about that group of midgets suing the local bar?
a: Did you hear about that group of midgets suing the local bar? Yeah, they were upset with how short the stools were. The judge threw out the case, though; told them they were grasping at straws.

q: What do you call a white athlete who wins a sprint vs black athletes?
a: A racist. :) xxx

q: How are Women and Hurricanes Similar?
a: They both come in hot and wet and 

q: How do you say no in German?
a: Square root of 81

q: What's the best part about buying dishes that are made in Mexico?
a: They wash themselves. 

q: How do you blindfold an Asian person?
a: You put floss over his eyes.

q: Why don't dentists display their awards?
a: Because they want to prevent plaque build-up.

q: Why don't people raid dodo nests anymore?
a: Because their eggs stinked!

q: Why did the Native American feel so reluctant about booking a hotel room?
a: He had his reservations.

q: Why are dogs in a lot of pain?
a: Because they chew balls. 

q: What do you call a shy rapper?
a: Lil' Confidence

q: Ay girl are you a fire truck?
a: Because your really loud and fucking annoying.

q: Why aren't cremations given out for free?
a: Because you have to urn them.

q: What do you call a stripper donkey?
a: A Horse.

q: What's the main ingredient when making pickle bread?
a: Dill dough.

q: What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus?
a: Can I hold your hand hand hand hand?

q: What's a Mexican pimp's favorite investment?
a: A putable bond 

q: What Does Reddit stand for?
a: Reddit: Re-Downvote Downvote it.

q: If you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye?
a: Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  

q: How can you tell that your dog just gave birth?
a: It is now a parent. 

q: WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN YOU MIX A RETARD AND A FUCKHEAD?
a: AN AMERICAN! YOU GET AN AMERICAN!

q: What do you call a large group of prostitutes?
a: A whored

q: What kind of stationary can't you defend yourself with?
a: A TACK

q: What do you call 2 people with identical penises?
a: Doppelwangers

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the restroom?
a: Because the "p" is silent!

q: What'd they call that place with the collection of escape artist memorabilia?
a: now museum, now you don't

q: What's the square root of sixty-nine?
a: What's the square root of sixty-nine? Eight-something!

q: What do you call two bees at the seaside?
a: A B&B

q: Did you hear about the hermit in the storm cloud?
a: I heard the advice he gives is enlightning!

q: Why is Windows going from 8 to 10?
a: Because 7 ate 9. Credit to a guy I work with. 

q: Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to Windows 10?
a: They revived to much XP 

q: Why is Grace never thirsty?
a: Because she's always drinking from the coup de Grace. (This was my sister's favourite joke when we were kids. Once our mum flipped out on a long car journey because she told it too many times).

q: What did the Hispanic chef say when he went down on his girlfriend?
a: "Umami!"

q: What did the vegan give the homeless guy?
a: A lecture.

q: What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence?
a: Udder destruction 

q: How do New Zealander's find sheep in long grass?
a: Delightful

q: Why can't some people help being born Chinese?
a: Because there's nothing wong with it.

q: What do you and 1 ply toilet paper have in common?
a: You BOTH eat  -booty! 

q: What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo?
a: I've never had a garbanzo on my face.

q: What's at the beginning of the rainbow?
a: Refraction of sunlight in raindrops

q: What was the butcher doing when he got caught?
a: Beating his meat.

q: How does ISIL prefer their eggs?
a: Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled. 

q: What do you see when a Native American Princess pokes a space smuggler in the chest?
a: Pocahontas pokin' Hans tits

q: You know what they say about wizards with big hands?
a: The have big staffs 

q: how do u do molly safely?
a: wear a condm.

q: What happened when Moses went to Mount Olive?
a: Popeye got pissed.

q: What do you call a vegetable that's only kinda cool?
a: Radish

q: What do you call a snobish criminal walking down the stairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: What do you call a robotic transforming Malaysian airliner?
a: If it's evil, a Deceptigone. If not, an Autobottomoftheocean Shamelessly stolen from 

q: Whats a really famous corn?
a: Pop corn. Get it? like e.g, pop stars

q: What do Disney movies and coathangers have in common?
a: They can both bring out the child from within.

q: Did you hear about the Pirate suffering from scurvy?
a: His attempts to cure it were  .

q: What do you get if you cross a dog with a sniper rifle and a car?
a: A  !

q: What did the man say when his boss asked him to deal with some potassium?
a: K.

q: What do you call a couple of fat people that share the same interests?
a: Two whales in a pod!

q: What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed?
a: "I don't wanna be obama self."

q: What did the choir teacher say to the student who asked to use the bathroom?
a: Of chorus.

q: Are they moving?
a: A man called his local animal control as he was walking through the woods- Animal Control: Thanks for calling, how can we help you? Man: I was walking through the woods and I found a suitcase in the bush, and inside was a Fox and 4 cubs. Animal Control: Oh no, thats terrible. Are they moving? Man: I don't know to be honest, but that would explain the suitcase.

q: Wanna hear a construction joke?
a: Im working on it.

q: Have u seen the movie "Constipated"?
a: Oh that's right it hasn't come out yet.

q: What's the difference between North Korea amd South Korea?
a: North Koreans have no Seoul.  Thought of this very early in the morning waiting to board a plane.

q: What did 50 cent say to his grandma when he saw her knitting?
a: "Gee U Knit!"

q: How can you tell when a bicycist comes to a complete stop?
a: He puts his foot down.

q: What did the burger do when he ate his enemy the hotdog?
a: he relished it 

q: Why did the 3 year old go to jail?
a: For resisting a rest.

q: Why should you never shower with Pokemon?
a: Because he may Pikachu

q: Why did the apple eat itself with a fork?
a: Because it didn't have a spoon! (Courtesy of my three year old daughter.)

q: Did you hear about that kid who claimed that his age was 2015?
a: He was infact a   old.

q: What will happen if you put anal lube where oil should be in your car?
a: I don't really know, but I think it will run pretty shitty

q: What do you call it when a red head gets a tooth infection?
a: Gingervitus.

q: What do you call a Spaniard kissing a door?
a: A Conquistador! 

q: Did you hear about the constipated Mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: What do you get when you divide the circumference of a Jack o' Lantern by its diameter?
a: Pumpkin Pi

q: What do you call an arrogant con walking down the stairs?
a: A condescending con descending. 

q: What's the motto of the Mexican army?
a: An Army of Juan

q: What's the difference between a yoghurt and the USA?
a: If left for 400 years, the yoghurt will develop a culture.

q: How do you know if somebody does crossfit?
a: They are probably in better shape than you. 

q: Science joke time! What happens if you're late to extremophile school?
a: You get a tardy grade. (  that explains the joke if you don't get it.)

q: What do you call a guy who plays Fallout?
a: A Fall Out Boy.

q: Why is Uhura black?
a: Because William shat on her.

q: Why couldn't the birthday clown make balloon animals for the children?
a: With the rising cost of inflation he couldn't afford it anymore.

q: Why didn't the kayak owner and yacht owner get along?
a: They didn't have ships in common.

q: What is the longest sentence in the English language?
a: "I do."

q: Did you hear about the Irish guy who had fun in Limerick?
a: Well its been 2 whole years; Rick and him are still going strong

q: What's the best way to prepare baby food?
a: Shake'n bake.

q: What is it called when a bunch of people, all under 5'2", go to a raging party?
a: High wasted shorts!

q: Did you hear about the cyclopic tutor?
a: He had only one eye, but two pupils!

q: Why did the console gamer get a headache at the art museum?
a: Too many frames.

q: What disease do Spartans get the most?
a: Leon-itis.

q: How did the guy with a foot fetish ruin his date with an amputee?
a: He got off on the wrong foot

q: What has two arms,two legs and eats ants?
a: Uncles

q: What's 9 + 10?
a: Dix Neuf

q: Why did the poor art collector only buy miniature paintings?
a: He wanted more Monet in his wallet. 

q: Why was Hitler kicked off the track team?
a: He could never finish a race.

q: Why is sex with hipsters always unsatisfying?
a: Because they always come before it's cool.

q: What goes zzub-zzub?
a: A bee flying backwards

q: Why didn't the panda use a glove when playing baseball?
a: Because he caught everything bear handed!

q: What did the artist say to the dentist?
a: Matisse hurt!

q: Is there a punchline to this chemistry joke?
a: Nobelium

q: What's the medical term for a female to male sex change?
a: an adadictomy.

q: Why did the sandwich shop sound terrible?
a: It was out of tuna...

q: How many trans women does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but first they have to sit in the dark for a year and then get letters from two electricians giving them permission.

q: Did you hear about the time that shallots, scallions, ramps, and leeks all got together?
a: They tried to onionize.

q: What did the surgeon say when the doctor declined going out after work?
a: Suture self!

q: Did you hear about the contortionist that fell in love?
a: She was heels over head for him!

q: What's a female lizard's favorite song?
a: "Girls just iguana have fun".

q: How many South Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A Brazilian.

q: How is marriage and CPR training the same?
a: You get a certificate for showing you can do it and hope to god you never have to do it again

q: How many Duggar does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: They screw children, not light bulbs.

q: Is that a gun in your pocket or are you happy to see me?
a: Both! Now get in the fucking van.

q: How do you eat soup with chop sticks?
a: Slowly.

q: What do you call a dating service for lumberjacks?
a: Timbr

q: What smells better than it taste?
a: A nose

q: When you order a cocktail at a gay bar what do you get?
a: A dickbutt.

q: What is the difference between a cocktail and a dickbutt?
a: You order a dickbutt at a gay bar.

q: How do you call a dog with no legs ?
a: You don't call it, you pick it up.

q: Why does an elephant have 4 Feet?
a: Because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.

q: Why did Sepp Blatter cross the road?
a: To get to the other bribe

q: What element can combine with two nitrogens and an oxygen, and still have there be only one element?
a: XeNON.

q: Besides coke residue, what other particles can be found on dollar bills?
a: Stripper poop particles 

q: What do you want on your tombstone?
a: pepperoni and cheese. 

q: Why do bears poop in the woods?
a: So nobody will see their bare (bear) bottom!

q: Do you know how I got out of Iraq?
a: Iran

q: Why do people studying engineering get to already call themselves engineers?
a: It is not like that anywhere else.  It is not like people studying science claim that they are already scientists. Or people studying the arts say they are unemployed.

q: Why is it impossible to run through a campground?
a: You can only ran, because it's past tents.

q: Where can you find alcoholic sheep?
a: At the BAAAAH

q: Did you hear about the drug addict who went to court for flipping off the cops?
a: It was a case of two birds one stoner

q: Is your mum black ?
a: Cause she has a massive dick.

q: What is it called when Skrillex has a throat infection?
a: Dubstrep.

q: What do you get when you mash up an avagadro?
a: Guacamole.

q: What do you call an international diamond monopoly turned Chicago football team?
a: Da Beers

q: What did the computer say to the pirate?
a: Want to date hot Russians!

q: What happens to Stephen Hawking when he stops laughing?
a: He writes scary stories.

q: What do you get when you cross an orchard with a concentration camp?
a: apple juice

q: What did the uncircumcised man say during confession?
a: Forgive me father fore I have skinned

q: What made Bruce decide against Jacqueline for his new name?
a: He was afraid his nickname would be Jockie.

q: Twat did you say?
a: I cunt hear you - scum again.

q: Why do men scratch their balls?
a: Because they are test-itch-els!

q: Why do girls have legs?
a: ...ever seen the trail a slug leaves?

q: What does being in the mafia and eating pussy have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.

q: Why did FIFA have surgery?
a: They had to remove their Blatter.

q: Want a rabbit joke?
a: Hare you go.

q: Where does bees wax come from?
a: Bees nuts! 

q: How do you tell the difference between a redditor and a MOBA player?
a: Ask them what OP stands for.

q: How long does it take a black woman to take a shit?
a: Nine months

q: What's the difference between period blood and sand?
a: You can't gurgle sand.

q: Have you been to /r/brucejennerspenis?
a: I heard it was removed.

q: Why do Women use perfume and make up?
a: Because they're ugly and stink! ;)

q: Why did the dinosaur go to jail?
a: Because he was a child molester.

q: What's Irish and sits on your lawn?
a: paddy o' furniture

q: Did you hear about the man who bought a dolphin?
a: He didn't want to live life without a porpoise!

q: Did You Hear that Iggy Azalea Got Engaged?
a: She's already cancelled her wedding and reception due to lack of RSVPs.

q: How do you know a car is from Poland?
a: The Polish.

q: What Did The Doctor Say To The Dinosaur?
a: Jur-ass-sick

q: In which sport does one white guy push around a bunch of colored guys?
a: All of them!

q: Why can't there be a League of Legend's team of 5 Lucians?
a: Because you can't have a team with only 3 champions.

q: Why are blood bank workers so good at correcting spelling mistakes?
a: Because they see typos every day.

q: What do you call ice cream that robs a bank?
a: Heist cream Got to give credit to my friend, who sadly dosent have reddit.

q: Why is Microsoft going straight to Windows 10?
a: Because 7.. 8.. 9

q: Why did the snowman pull down his pants?
a: Because he saw the snowblower coming 

q: Did you know Kurt Cobain had dandruff?
a: They found his Head & Shoulders behind the couch.

q: How many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just two. One to explain to the public that everything possible is being done to solve the problem, and the other to screw the lightbulb into the water faucet.

q: Why is Latvian cross road?
a: Latvian see potato, but when cross is only secret police.

q: Are the Nazis who fought in WWII veteran-Aryans?
a: And can I bring my dog to them for a checkup?

q: Why did Caitlyn Jenner have a differently spelled version of Caitlin?
a: Because she can't get rid of the Y chromosome

q: What's Pamela Andersons favorite soda?
a: Hepsi!

q: If a man's signature is called a "John Hancock" what do you call a woman's?
a: Historically insignificant.  Full disclosure: Heard on the radio this morning on my way to work. 

q: Why do windbreakers smell bad?
a: Because all they do is break wind. 

q: What is the average Math teacher like?
a: Mean.

q: My inappropriate uncle told me this one when I was 11: Where do cousins come from?
a: ant holes

q: What does the pedophile jew say to the child?
a: "Wanna buy some candy?"

q: Computer Joke: What do you call a fat man's jacket?
a: Firmware

q: Have you heard of Charlie Sheen and Lindsey Lohans new sitcom?
a: It's called "two and a half grams"

q: How can you tell if a woman is bi-polar?
a: She works at two different strip clubs.

q: How do the Chinese decide on their next porn star?
a: They hold an erection...

q: What's the difference between an egg and a root?
a: You can beat an egg, but you can't beet a root!

q: Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.

q: What did the first stop light say to the second stop light?
a: Don't look I'm changing

q: What do you call the definitive book on Chinese culture?
a: The Hanbook

q: How do you buy hair?
a: You have toupee

q: Which alligator lives in the arctic?
a: The refridgegator.

q: Why does Helen Keller only masturbate with one hand?
a: So she can moan with the other.

q: Whats the only fruit that can't run away to get married??
a: A Cantaloupe. 

q: You ever hear about the guy who goosed the ghost?
a: He got a handful of sheet.

q: Why don't you buy your wife a watch?
a: There's already a clock on the stove

q: What will men do if women become extinct?
a: Domesticate another animal.

q: How do you make a baby float?
a: 2 scoops ice cream 1 scoop dead baby

q: What was Helen Keller's favourite colour?
a: Corduroy.

q: What does a Jewish pedophile say?
a: L'Hymen! 

q: What do you call a horse at night?
a: A Nightmare

q: Do you know what Twitter is?
a: It's the spot between your twat and shitter. 

q: What do you call Einstein masturbating?
a: A stroke of genius. 

q: What does D.N.A. stand for?
a: National Dyslexic Association.

q: How can you tell the difference between ignorance and apathy?
a: I don't know and I don't care

q: You want to know a neat trick to get yourself to stop being annoyed by a baby crying?
a: Close the lid to the dumpster. 

q: What do you call a dead chicken that likes to throw things?
a: A  geist. Thanks! I will show myself out.

q: How do you fit 100 dead babies in a barrel?
a: with a blender. How do you get them out? With a straw.

q: Are trees really necessary?
a: They seem kind of arbor-trary.

q: What do you call a fake psychic who was found out and now shoots up in ditches?
a: A high medium low

q: What's a pirates favorite type of fish?
a: GAAAARRRRRRRR!!! Edit: I beat ya guys to it. Ha

q: Why should we hire the chickpeas to be part of our choir?
a: They could hummus a song! (I was really proud of this one.)

q: What did the orphan get for Christmas?
a: A family. 

q: Excuse me - can you tell me the way to the Staten Island Ferry?
a: Thpeaking.

q: Who is Chu?
a: And why do no rappers fuck with him?

q: What is headache ?
a: 5 minutes talk to wife.

q: What sound does a Filipino horse make when it gallops?
a: Tagalog-tagalog-tagalog-tagalog. 

q: What do you call the vehicle used to carry Henry VIII's second wife to the hospital?
a: An Anne-Boleyn-ce.

q: What's the best part of a woman?
a: between 18 and 24 yrs

q: What's the worst way to lose your job?
a: By firing squad.

q: Why being gay is a serious issue?
a: Because men are fucking asshole

q: What is the opposite of progress?
a: Congress.

q: Why was Einstein unable to build a wall?
a: He only had Ein Stein

q: What did the bird say when he flew over K-Mart?
a: Caw Caw why'd my natural habitat get replaced with 165 000 square feet of consumerist wasteland lol

q: what's the difference between a cow and 9/11?
a: you can't milk a cow for 14 years

q: What is the difference between phlegm and catarrh?
a: Phlegm is mucus secreted in the airways and nasal passages during an infection or disease such as cold or flu. Catarrh on the other hand is that hot place where they bribe FIFA to give them the World Cup.

q: What is a zombie's favorite cereal?
a: Raisin brain.

q: How do you get down from an elephant?
a: You don't.  You get down from a duck.

q: What gets wet as it dries?
a: Texas after a drought.

q: What goes in hard and dry and comes out soft and wet?
a: Chewing gum. 

q: What did the robber with an errection say?
a: This is a stick-up.

q: What do you call a car without a hood?
a: Circumcised 

q: Kenya?
a: Yukon.

q: How did the Mongols get to Europe?
a: Steppe by steppe.

q: What happened when the cannibal ate a minister?
a: He got a taste of religion. 

q: How does the modern-day James Bond prefer his women?
a: Shaven, not furred

q: What do you call two Irish gunfighters in a duel?
a: Kenny Killarney and Arny Kilkenny.

q: Who could it be?
a: there's a big idiot between the "I" and the "Y" on the keyboard. Why don't you go and see who it is?

q: Do you have pet insurance?
a: Coz I'm gonna destroy your pussy tonight

q: How many US cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they arrest the room because it's black.

q: What do you call a Kryptonian who loves popcorn?
a: Kern-el

q: What do you call a plane with no wings?
a: Fly Curious.

q: What's worse than locking your keys in your car outside an abortion clinic?
a: Having to go inside to ask for a clothes hanger

q: What do you call an overweight Mexican?
a: A MAXican 

q: If a centipede a pint, how much can a precipice?
a: A canopy.

q: What would be the American version of "Duck Quacks Don't Echo"?
a: "Jet Fuel Don't Melt Steel Beams".

q: What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a Ferrari?
a: I don't have a Ferrari in my garage

q: What do you call Minecraft in Germany?
a: NEIN-CRAFT! 

q: What does a pedophile and McDonald's have in common?
a: They both have meat between 7-year-old buns. 

q: What the difference between a filthy bus station and a crab with implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ......

q: What's the similarity between Princess Diana and Ferrero Rocher?
a: They both come out of France in a box. It's not even good and it's not even accurate. From Anthony Horowitz's 'The Killing Joke', a really weird book.

q: What's Forrest Gumps Favorite Password?
a: 1Forrest1

q: Where does geography and geography meet?
a: The Bermuda Triangle.

q: How do college students exercise?
a: By swimming in their debt.

q: What do you get when you put resistance on a stove?
a: Ohm on the range

q: What is the one riddle that everyone gives up?
a: The riddle of life!

q: True or False?
a: How deep is the Grand Canyon? First post please be considerate but and criticism is welcome

q: Do you like fishsticks?
a: What are you a gay fish

q: Why did the woman cross the road?
a: Good fucking question, I need to get stronger locks for the home dungeon.

q: What do you call a happy Kia owner?
a: An optimast.

q: Why did the airplane no longer work?
a: Because it was  ly ill. I'll show myself out.

q: What Do You Call A 7 Second Minecraft Video?
a: VINECRAFT DO IT FOR THE MINE XD

q: What do you call a turtle with a hard on?
a: -A slow poke.

q: What's the least spoken language in the world?
a: Sign language.

q: Why is six uncomfortable around seven?
a: Because seven times seven was odd

q: What's the difference between a penis and a criminal?
a: Well a penis gets hard, but a criminal does HARD time!

q: Did you hear about the preganant comedian?
a: She's got a pun in the oven.

q: What do you call someone aroused by shopping?
a: A buysexual

q: Did you hear about the guy how lost his whole left side?
a: He's alright now.

q: What's the difference between Reese and Tyrese?
a: Reese was born Witherspoon but Tyrese stole his.

q: Why did the skeptic man have high blood pressure?
a: Because he kept taking advice with a pinch of salt!

q: How do French psychologists like their beverages?
a: froid

q: How can you tell if a woman is wearing pantyhose?
a: If her ankles swell when she farts.

q: What's the oldest age that a boy can have a circumcision?
a: I just want to know the cutoff date.

q: Free shipping?
a: I walked into an airport with two bags:   "I want this one to go to Chicago, and this one to go to Paris."   "Sir, you can't do that."   "Why not? It happened the last time."

q: What's the difference between a German and a Virgin?
a: one one appreciates good head

q: how many indians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Sikhs 

q: How do you make an egg roll?
a: You push it

q: How will the Duggar's stay on TV and make money?
a: By moving the show to a "true crime" channel and calling it "18 Victims and Counting".

q: What do you call it when two gays fight?
a: Fruit punch! 

q: What is the official fruit of gays in Texas?
a: Canteloupe

q: What's white and troubles at breakfast?
a: Cumshot

q: What do you call a zoo that only has dogs?
a: A Shih Tzu

q: Why does the German dad scare all the other kids?
a: Because he is ein Brtiger!  The shirt should say it all. And I'm considering getting one.

q: What's the difference between a potato and a vegetable...?
a: Not knowing how to use a coathanger...

q: What's a mouse's best friend?
a: Curiosity! 

q: How many moths does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two, but more can join in if there's room in the lightbulb.

q: What part of your punctuality emancipates the Chinese?
a: Your Ti"ming"!

q: Why did KGB officers always travel in threes?
a: One who could read, one who could write, and the third to watch over those two dangerous intellectuals.

q: [OC] How does captain hook cook pita bread?
a: With a pita pan.

q: You know what's good about pirate hookers?
a: You can splooge in her good eye and run away without paying.

q: Do you know why consuming ants is good for your health?
a: It's because they have anty-bodies!

q: What did the sorting hat say to the quadriplegic?
a: Stay here, I'll just go on ahead.

q: What kind of dog do IT people prefer?
a: A  Dobie

q: What do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies?
a: The Polterheist 

q: Why would anybody ever want to visit New Brunswick?
a: I hear their bowling alleys are pretty nice. 

q: You wanna read a joke about Sodium?
a: Na . . . What about Nitrosoxide NO . . . Umm... Potassium? K..

q: What is the Great Saiyaman's favorite Adam Sandler movie?
a: You Don't Mess with the Gohan

q: What does the Chinese Candy Crush Saga say..?
a: Clear all the Jerry!

q: Who is the greatest Jewish cook?
a: Hitler

q: What's the difference between hard and light?
a: I can sleep with a light on.

q: Why did the Irishman wear two condoms?
a: To be sure to be sure

q: Heard about the new Itailian all-weather tires?
a: Dago through rain  Dago through mud  Dago through snow  And when Dago flat  Dago wop-wop-wop-wop...

q: What sex position makes the ugliest kids ?
a: Ask your parents.

q: How does Hitler tie his shoes?
a: With little Nazis

q: Did you guys hear about the joke about the high wall?
a: It's so funny, I'm still trying to get over it.

q: What do you call Bob Marley when he wears glasses?
a: Rasta-four-eyes

q: Why do women like men who can work on cars?
a: They know how to work under the hood!

q: Did you hear about the dwarf fortune teller that killed two of his clients?
a: Police are looking for a small medium at large. 

q: How do you get a stoner to comprehend what you're saying?
a: Put it bluntly.

q: On a scale of 1 to fucked, how fucked is FIFA?
a: FIFucked.

q: How many Viet Nam vets does it take to change a light bulb?
a: You don't know? That's right, you   know, because you weren't there, man!

q: Why is Hellen Keller a bad driver?
a: Because she is dead.

q: How do Mexicans cut their pizzas?
a: With Little Caesars

q: Damn boy are you a banker?
a: Because I really just want you to leave me a loan.

q: What do you call a bullying competition?
a: A jerk-off

q: What do you call an Englishman with an IQ of 50?
a: Colonel, sir. ^ ^

q: Why did the fish swim off of the waterfall?
a: For the Halibut.

q: Why do terrorist use Nokia phones?
a: so they can reuse the phone after the explosion

q: What is the difference between the DMV, and a strip club?
a: One is tedious, the other is "titty-our"

q: What happens when Superman sees Superwoman?
a: He becomes the Man of Steel

q: What do you call a girl who stands in the middle of a tennis court?
a: Annette.

q: You know why God loved Mother Mary so much?
a: Virgin Milf (      )

q: Why do men like BMWs?
a: Because they can spell it.  LOL LOL

q: What 11 letter word does every Yale graduate spell incorrectly?
a: I n c o r r e c t l y

q: Where did little sally go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere

q: why don't you see elephants hiding in the trees that often?
a: because they're really fucking good at it

q: What's the smartest animal on the farm?
a: The farmer (this killed my 12yo brothers)

q: What do you call a gay Irish couple?
a: Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.

q: How Are A Prostitute And A Pirate Ship Alike?
a: They're both full of seamen.

q: What do you call a mound of dirt that is uneducated?
a: A Hillbilly

q: Did you hear about the steak that was knighted by the queen?
a: Sir Loin.

q: Why do Trekkies never grow out of Star Trek?
a: They always somehow just Klingon to it.

q: Have you guys heard about the Pharaoh who thought he was the son of god?
a: He is in the Nile

q: What is batman's favorite food?
a: BANANANANANANANANANANA

q: What is the difference between Issac Newton and the 5 year old i just stabbed to death?
a: Issac Newton died a virgin.

q: What cheese is used to block online streaming?
a: Edam

q: Did you hear about the couple who got married in a gymnasium?
a: It didn't work out.

q: What do you call a Mexican who is high?
a: A Baked Bean!

q: What do you call a super soldier that is in a coma?
a: A genetically modified vegetable 

q: What did the sign convention management do to the woman who kept pulling down their long signs?
a: Banner.

q: Have you ever visited the area between Thailand and Vietnam?
a: Don't bother. It's pretty Laos-y.

q: What's the difference between a Democrat and a Republican?
a: The election year.

q: So doctor how much time do I have left?
a: 10... 10 what? 9, 8....

q: Why does a pterodactyl always urinate on the side of the bowl?
a: Because the pee is silent.

q: What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker?
a: What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.

q: Why does Caterpie like Margarine?
a: Because it's Butterfree.

q: What did the Australian sea captain announce when he decided to wank with both arms?
a: All hands on deck

q: What kind of trails does a crazy person travel?
a: Psychopaths. (I hate myself) 

q: Why did the boy want to see a thunder storm in Greece?
a: Because Greece lightening

q: What do you call President Bush melting steel beams?
a: A counter argument.

q: Why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat?
a: Because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.

q: What does my girlfriend and Windows 8 have in common?
a: they are both 8........

q: Did you hear about the guy that spilled curry powder in his bed?
a: Woke up in a Korma

q: What does Pluto have up on Palestine?
a: At least Pluto exists

q: What did George Takei say to the attractive Frenchman on waterskis?
a: Eau myyyyyyyy....

q: What happens in a chinese restaurant when the power goes out?
a: It'll dim sum

q: How do you make a small fortune in aviation?
a: Start out with a large fortune.  

q: How many super sayen do you need to change a bulb ?
a: Only one, but it take 4 episodes and Krilin died at the end.

q: What kind of Asian dish takes away your freedoms?
a: Kung Pao Chicken

q: Did you hear that they're bringing back Pimp My Ride?
a: It's called Uber. 

q: What kind of charge did the Couch place against the Recliner?
a: Sectional assualt.

q: What is the biggest mistake Steve Jobs ever made?
a: He thought it was "being at Apple every day", not "eating an apple every day".  

q: Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware party?
a: To find a tight seal

q: What do you get when you cross a highway with an armadillo?
a: About halfway across.

q: If Bill O'Reilly and Barbara Walters got married what would they name the baby?
a: Baba O'Reilly

q: Where does Sean Connery sit?
a: In the toilet.

q: Isn't technology amazing?
a: I tried to open a new email account today. When it asked me to enter a password I entered "penis". Message flashed up "PASSWORD REJECTED, TOO SHORT". How the fuck do Microsoft know the size of my dick? 

q: Who ever said time cannot be bought?
a: I bought some thyme yesterday.

q: How many chiropractors does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one. But it takes about 8-10 visits.

q: Where do cows go when they die?
a: Burgertory

q: How many people from the future does it take to change a light bulb?
a: The lightbulb works fine...

q: Why did Germany win so many battles in WW I?
a: They had baron.

q: What is a mixture of Hulk and Captain America called?
a: Star-Spangled Banner.

q: What is a Mexican bodybuilder's favorite supplement?
a: Gey protein.

q: What's worst than one bee sting?
a: Two bee stings What's worst than two bee stings? The Holocaust.

q: How do Chinese people name their kids?
a: They throw silverware down a flight of stairs....ting, tong, ping, ding

q: Do you know the hardest part about rollerblading?
a: Telling your dad that you're gay..

q: How do you know if someone is a vegetarian?
a: He is going to tell you.

q: Why did Michael Bay jump off a bridge?
a: Cause Tony Scott did it first.

q: What do women and the square root of 2 have in common?
a: They're both irrational.

q: Have you ever seen the serial numbers on a condom?
a: No?   You must not roll them back far enough. 

q: What's the difference between a Afghanistan wedding and a terrorist training camp?
a: Don't ask me, I'm just the drone pilot.

q: What's the difference between a bowling ball and a French girl?
a: You can only fit three fingers in a bowling ball.

q: How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one. But it takes 5 episodes.

q: What do you call Professor X doing a wheelie?
a: Professor + I'm sorry. lol.

q: What is Harper Lee's favorite alcoholic drink?
a: A Tequila Mockingbird.

q: What's a feminist's favourite coffee?
a: An oppresso.

q: What happens when ducks fly upside down??
a: They quack up

q: Why's it so hard to find marathon and triathlon reviews in Germany?
a: Well, you know what happened last time they picked a race...

q: Why do Mexicans like spicy food?
a: It induces labor.

q: How do blind doctors deliver babies?
a: With a can't c-section.

q: What do two cousins say after they have sex?
a: Roll Tide.

q: How did the elephant get out of the river?
a: Wet

q: 2 potatoes standing on the street corner how do you tell which one is the slut?
a: The 1 that says   I da ho

q: Why couldn't the banana get a date?
a: It didn't have a peel.

q: How do you spell "apathy"?
a: I don't care.

q: Why can't cats vote?
a: Because they are non-voting felines! 

q: why is math book so sad?
a: it has many problems...

q: Did you hear about the Mexican carpet salesman?
a: He was sacked for only selling Underlay!

q: When a Chinise guy and an Indian have a race fight. Who will win?
a: When two of the most populated countries clash which race will rise?

q: How do you get beer from root beer?
a: You pour it in a square glass.

q: What's green and has four wheels?
a: A turtle.  I was lying about the wheels

q: What do you call an elephant and a rhino mixed?
a: Asked my buddy "What would you call an elephant and a rhino mixed?". He looks at me and says "Shit man, Helliphino".

q: What did the cannibal Doctor do with his patients?
a: He cured them.

q: How many people does it take to start a riot?
a: -3/5

q: Why did the cat get arrested for playing a violin?
a: Because it was a kitty fiddler.

q: why did no one listen to the wheelchair joke?
a: It had no back story. 

q: Do you know what a woman says in the bedroom when she sees a big dick?
a: No, me neither.

q: If I had a dozen muffins and Carlos took 13 away from me, what do I have now?
a: A math problem

q: Would you like to hear a Helen Keller joke?
a: I'm sure she would, too.

q: What'd the ocean say to the other ocean?
a: Nothing they just waved.... I'll show my self out

q: Why can you trust noone in the savannah?
a: Cause they be lion.

q: What do you call a natural blonde who dyes her hair?
a: Artificial intelligence.

q: What do you call a pirate's helicopter?
a: An Eye-patchy helicopter! . Ill show myself out.

q: What are two things dinosaurs can't have for dinner?
a: Breakfast and lunch. I'll show myself out now

q: What do you call an Irishman who bounces off of walls?
a: Rick O'Shea.

q: What happens when a lawyer dies??
a: Who cares!

q: What are the names of the first two men to get married under the new Irish gay marriage law?
a: Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick

q: What did one snowman say to the other?
a: Smells like carrots!

q: Why Aren't There Riots When White People Get Killed?
a: Because white people have work in the morning.

q: Why doesn't anyone watch women's hockey?
a: The games take 3 months to play! 

q: Hey why isn't Phil Hughes playing in the test today?
a: Oh didn't you hear, he was the first Australian to be killed by ebola!

q: What did the Catholic Mexican say to greet the Greek God of Thunder?
a: "hey zeus!"

q: What do you get if you cross 50 Shades of Grey with Blurred Lines?
a: A greydient

q: How do you determine a German baby, a Jewish baby, and a Polish baby?
a: You say "Hail Hitler!" The German baby will stand at attention. The Jewish baby will shit itself. And the Polish will play in the shit.

q: How did Hellen Keller's parents punish her?
a: By leaving a plunger in the toilet

q: Can you run a bath when you have the runs?
a: ... only if you have enough.

q: Why don't you ever see rich people wearing glasses?
a: They're always around so many karats.

q: Why was Cinderella kicked off the basketball team?
a: She kept running away from the ball

q: What's a... pederast?
a: Shut the fuck up, Donny

q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer?
a: There's whiteout on the screen.

q: What's the meanest thing someone's ever said to you?
a: Oh, you're a redditor?

q: what is harry Potter's favorite ice breaker?
a: Scar Stories. 

q: How can you tell a blonde is having a really bad day?
a: Her tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil! 

q: what's the male equivolent of a widow?
a: Free

q: What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist?
a: Newer magazines

q: Where'd I drop my waffle?
a: At the beach in San Diego.

q: What happens to lawyers after they die?
a: They lie still.

q: What is the difference between a black guy and a white guy that sells drugs?
a: One's a pharmacist and the other's a drug dealer.

q: What do you call an elite team of crime solving tree surgeons?
a: Special branch.

q: Why were the baker's hands smelly?
a: He kneaded a poo

q: What do you say to a family who has just experienced death of a family member due to anorexia?
a: Sorry for the loss.

q: What does Snoop Dogg eat when he visits Germany?
a: Schiznitzel. 

q: A Jewish dilemma?
a: Free ham

q: Who's the only living relative of penguin?
a: His Aunt Arctica

q: What do you call someone that hangs out with musicians?
a: A drummer

q: What is red and smells like blue paint?
a: Red paint.

q: What did the baby order at the chinese restaurant?
a: Goo goo gai pan!

q: Which has less drunks: an Irish wedding or an Irish funeral?
a: An Irish funeral has one less drunk.

q: What do you get when you have sex with a truck stop hooker?
a: Gator-aids.

q: Why is the plunger gay?
a: He was born that way you homophobe!

q: Do you want to hear a short joke?
a: Never mind, it'd probably go right over your head anyway.

q: How many children did Josh Duggar molest?
a: 19 kids and counting. Too soon?  :/

q: what is the difference between a tea bag and england?
a: tea bag stays in the cup

q: Why do photons travels slower through water?
a: They having a float-on. it very good

q: Why did prince Oxygen inherit the throne after the king died?
a: Because he was the rightful heir

q: Where do one-legged people go to eat?
a: IHOP.

q: Did you hear about the woman who replaced her addiction to ornithology with alcohol?
a: She was described as being off her tits.

q: Why are track suits so popular song members of the former Soviet Union?
a: Aww cheap. I screwed up the title.

q: Why do Marlboro cigarettes have white filters in America, but yellow filters in Europe?
a: So Keith Richards can tell which continent he's in.

q: Why did Simba's father die?
a: He couldn't Move Fasa 

q: What do you call a coffee shop where drug deals go down?
a: The trapp!

q: [Programmer Joke] Why did the int drown?
a: Because he couldn't float! (Insert laughter here)

q: How can you tell if you bought lube from Tumblr?
a: Because it Lubri-Can't Even!

q: What was said the boiled waters funeral?
a: You will be mist.

q: Did you blow bubbles as a kid?
a: He's in town with the circus and wants you to call him. 

q: You hear about the newswoman with one boob?
a: She kept abreast of the current issues. (go easy...just made this up)

q: What's the difference between shaving a red head's pubes and diffusing a bomb?
a: When you diffuse a bomb, you only have to cut one red wire.

q: What do you call a tree that hates this joke?
a: A face palm.

q: What do you call a Jewish beer?
a: A Hebrew

q: Where do skunks go to college?
a: P.U.

q: What do women and stones have in common?
a: You skip the flat ones. 

q: What do Jews get at night during the holocaust?
a: Not z's

q: Where are the raisins today?
a: A student used to give his teacher some raisins everyday. He kept giving them for 3 months straight. Then one day he did not give raisins to his teacher. And his teacher asked him "Where are the raisins today?", and the boy said "My rabbit died."

q: what the elephant say to the naked man?
a: How do you drink through that? (literally the only joke i know and the only one i ever make)

q: Would you like to hear a german joke?
a: Tut mir leid so ein Ding existiert nicht Edit 1: Grammar

q: How many germans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One, we have no time for humour.

q: Aren't dad jokes great?
a: I got a bad sunburn a week ago, and my skin is staring to peel of.I guess you could say that it's.....appealing 

q: What is hairy and between your grandma's nipples?
a: Her vagina 

q: What do ducks use to get high?
a: Quack cocaine 

q: Why did the bubblegum cross the road?
a: It was stuck to the chicken's legs.

q: Why would you wrap a guinea pig in saran wrap?
a: So it doesn't burst when you fuck it. 

q: Why do tulips glow?
a: Because they come from bulbs. (This is the only   joke I know.)

q: How many bruthas does it take to clean a kitchen?
a: None, that's women's work!

q: Why did the Bloody Mary need a restraining order?
a: Celery Stalks.

q: What kind of bars do lesbian Eskimos go to?
a: Klondike Bars

q: Want to hear a pizza joke?
a: It's pretty cheesy.

q: What is the best kind of plate for a continental breakfast?
a: ... a tectonic plate!

q: Why was the volleyball player drunk at a game?
a: Because he spiked his drink

q: How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.

q: What do you call a karate chopping pig?
a: Porkchop

q: What's the difference between a red head and a blue head?
a: Your grip.

q: Whats the cheapest type of meat?
a: Deer balls, they are under a buck

q: What do you call a hairy gay man who suffers from mood swings?
a: A bipolar bear

q: Why did the Millennium Falcon hot a tree?
a: Because Han was flying so low. 

q: A man goes into Boots and says: "Have you got Viagra?
a: Do you have a prescription?" asks the chemist. "No," he replies, "But I've got a photograph of the wife..."

q: Why did the director get kicked out of the bar?
a: He was making a scene!

q: Where does a polar bear keep his money?
a: In a snow bank.

q: What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus?
a: You only need one nail for the picture.

q: What do you call a theatrical performance about puns?
a: A play on words

q: How do beer companies track their sales?
a: On dos axes

q: What would Bart Simpson's first Steam game be?
a: D'oh-ta 2

q: Why don't midgets smoke weed?
a: Because they can't get high.

q: Who is consistently the best pro sports team to watch in Minnesota?
a: The visitors.

q: What do you call a reptile that can't grow its tail back?
a: (_) ( _)>- (_) A Reptile Dysfunction.

q: Which fruit wanted to run away and get married, but couldn't?
a: Cant-elope :D

q: What do you call a dead fowl that is haunting you?
a: A Poltergeese!

q: What's the difference between certain and uncertain?
a: Well, one things for sure

q: What's another word for a penis potato?
a: A dictator

q: Why couldn't the snake charmer charm his snake?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction

q: Why do vegans hate giving blow jobs?
a: Because the meat they are eating has definately been abused.

q: History teacher: Which period did Cleopatra come from?
a: Me: The one her mother missed?

q: Did you hear about the new pill that's supposed to turn lesbian women straight?
a: It's called tricoxagain.

q: What's Chris Brown's favourite game?
a: Mortal Kombat Ex 

q: What organ in the body never dies?
a: THE LIVER.  ometrist will copyright this joke. hopefully. 

q: What kind of liquid does a pig's printer use?
a: oink

q: What do you call a guy with a 2 inch penis?
a: Justin.

q: Did you hear about the mathematician who got out of jail?
a: He's trying to integrate back into society, but you can still kinda differentiate him from others.

q: Where do epileptics get pizza?
a: Little Seizures.

q: What do astronomers do when they have nowhere else to turn?
a: They default in our stars

q: What did the 3 holes in the ground say?
a: Well, well, well

q: Why can't a nose be 12 inches long?
a: Because then it would be a foot.

q: What do you call a fat cop?
a: A fuzz ball 

q: Was the Nintendo hungry?
a: Nah, it 8 a byte earlier.

q: Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job?
a: Because he didn't serve a porpoise...

q: What does a fat girl and a pallet of shingles have in common?
a: ...they both have a 90% chance of being nailed by a Mexican.

q: why was Elsa afraid of Sven?
a: because Sven eight nine! hahahahahahahahaha...

q: What do you call two lesbians on a canoe?
a: Fur Traders

q: BEAUTIFUL?
a: A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple of minutes later, his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!" Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful," it was "cute." She asked, "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"

q: A butcher married a baker and had a kid who grew up to be what?
a: Fat.

q: Did you know that Darth Vader had a wife?
a: Her name was Ella. 

q: Have you heard of the body of water that's killing thousands of people each year?
a: Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis C

q: What do you say to a broken Xbox One?
a: Nothing, you already said it twice.

q: Have you heard of the insect that's killing thousands of people each year?
a: Pretty dangerous, the Hepatitis B

q: What do you get when you cross menstruation and apples?
a: The MaxiPad

q: Why don't turkey vultures ever lose their luggage?
a: They only  ...

q: How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Four. One to change the bulb, three to stand around so he has someone to hi-five after. 

q: What do you call a person who wears adult diapers?
a: Ehh, it depends.

q: Which teachers make pupils feel good about themselves?
a: Maths teachers, they make everybody count.

q: What is E.T. short for?
a: So he can fit on a spaceship.

q: How did the octopus go to the war?
a: Well armed...

q: How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: It's an obscure number, you have probably never heard of it.

q: Why can a woman never be a good DJ?
a: They will never listen to Logic or Reason.

q: What do you call a bee from US?
a: USB

q: What do you call a bearded gardener?
a: Hairy Potter

q: Why can you always trust Frankenstein's monster?
a: He's got somebody else's back, he could probably handle yours.

q: How many Freudians does it take to screw their mothers?
a: Not mothers, lightbulbs. Shit.

q: What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob?
a: Both are better between 2 buns

q: What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable ?
a: The wheelchair 

q: What happens when Batman sees Catwoman?
a: The Dark Knight Rises.

q: What is a bed's least favourite time of year?
a: Spring break.

q: Do you like Wendy's?
a: Reply: Yes! Answer:  you like it when deez nuts in yo face

q: Why did the chicken not cross the road?
a: to not get to the other side. 

q: How do you tell off a toilet?
a: Tell them to eat shit.

q: When is a dog not a dog?
a: When it is pure bread. Told to me by a friend.

q: So you wanna learn to speak with an Irish accent do you?
a: Whale oil beef hooked. 

q: What so you call a religious dinosaur?
a: A prayeradactyl.

q: Can someone help me find some videos of Al Gore dancing?
a: I'm trying to solve a Rubik's cube and a friend told me that using Al Gore Rhythms could help.

q: Do you know the difference between a cheeseburger and a blowjob?
a: Come on. Lets go to lunch. My treat.

q: What is it called when Michael J. Fox smokes a joint?
a: Shake N' Bake.

q: Why do smarter people last longer when having sex?
a: Because it takes twice as long to fuck their brains out

q: What do you get when you mix an octopus with a black guy?
a: Idk but it sure as hell can pick cotton

q: What is Pi squared?
a: Pop-tart.

q: How man redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Ten.  One to change it and nine to downvote for no reason.

q: Ever been to a Canadian mosh pit?
a: "Oh sorry eh! Oh! Sorry! Sorry, eh? Sorry? So sorry! Oh! Oh no.... Sorry, eh?"

q: What is the difference between the US and yogurt?
a: If you leave yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.

q: Have any of you heard back from D yet?
a: DEEZ NUTZ HAHA GOT EM

q: You know what is blown out of proportions?
a: Overweight suicide bombers.

q: Do you know how a suicide wank works?
a: You just shoot yourself in the face!

q: What is the origin of the word "Boob"?
a: The "B" is the aerial view, the "oo" is the front view, the "b" is the side view.

q: What do you call a person who hates fat people?
a: Weighcist

q: If you had to describe yourself in one word, what would it be?
a: Bad at following directions.

q: What will ESPN talk about if both the Hawks and Rockets make it to the NBA final?
a: The NHL playoffs

q: How do you get negative inflation ?
a: Deflation. 

q: Why do Electricians make terrible revolutionaries?
a: They know resistance is a waste of energy.

q: How many Psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one. But the light bulb has to want to change.

q: How do you become really unpopular on Reddit?
a: Tell someone they reposted.

q: How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two. One to screw in the light bulb, and one to hold the penis. I mean the ladder. One to hold the ladder.

q: What do you call a helicopter with a bad paint job?
a: A patchy gunship

q: Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago?
a: Because 'Illinois you!

q: Why do divers fall out of the boat backwards?
a: Because if they went forward they would still be in the boat.

q: Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?
a: Don't you find it Funny that after Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), the rest of the week says WTF?

q: Do you piss in the toilet before getting in the shower?
a: I'll bet you wipe yourself with toilet paper too...

q: What would be the name of a gangster who makes terrible movies?
a: Suge Knight Shyamalan.

q: Where does a pornstar go for timeout?
a: The casting couch

q: What did the snail on the turtles back say?
a: WEEEEEEEEEE!

q: What is Kanye's favorite Transformer?
a: Bruce Jenner

q: What's black and red, flashes like hell and annoys men?
a: Live Jasmine

q: What do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
a: A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: What do French people say when they don't want to see someone ever again?
a: Au nevoir.

q: What do you call a gorilla with a harpsichord?
a: A silverbach.

q: If you weigh a whale at a whale weigh station, where do you weigh a pie?
a: Somewhere over the rainbow, weigh a pie.

q: What did one elf girl say to the other elf girl who wasn't sharing?
a: "Stop being so elfish, Karen!"

q: Where do geographers go for a drink?
a: The Isobar

q: What's Paul McCartney's favourite food?
a: Maccaroni

q: Why can't two elephants go swimming?
a: -They only have one pair of trunks.

q: Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a building after drinking Alka-seltzer?
a: He had a bad alkaline trip.

q: What's the last thing the ISIS fighters' wife said before she blew herself up?
a: Bahhh

q: What did the velociraptor say after his workout?
a: I'm a little dino-sore.

q: What's a policeman's favorite gaming console?
a: Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!

q: What do you say to Simba if he's walking too slow?
a: Mufasa.

q: What do you call a woman with an opinion?
a: Wrong.

q: What kinds of birds are raised by only their mothers?
a: Blackbirds

q: What did the man say when the lobster gave him food poisoning?
a: I'm not letting you cook dinner again

q: What does "Maginot Line" get translated to in English?
a: Speed bump ahead

q: What do you call a crayon without any wax?
a: A crayoff

q: How do you stop an elephant from charging?
a: Take away its USB cable.

q: What happened to the tasty noun?
a: Verbatim.

q: Are you feeling cold right now?
a: Just stand in the corner to warm up, they are usually 90 degrees.

q: To all those people who said I would be an unfit parent, have you seen the little guy lately?
a: Cause that would be a big help, I seem to have misplaced him.

q: What did the Jewish pedophile say?
a: Ay kid, go easy on the candy!

q: What is Shrek's favorite book?
a: Don-key xote

q: What did the mermaid forget to bring to math class?
a: Her algae bra

q: What a gay spermatozode says to an other gay sermatozode ?
a: Damn dude i can't See anything through all That Shit.

q: Why is Oedipus against swearing?
a: He kisses his mother with that mouth!

q: Why wasn't the plastic surgeon worried about running out of breast implants anytime soon?
a: He had a large drawer of chests right there in his office.

q: What do you call a Protestant in Greece?
a: Unorthodox

q: What is easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
a: Women

q: What's the going rate to find out a girl isn't into you?
a: My recent observation concludes ~$140. Great weekend.

q: Did you hear about that new film on the B-17 aircraft?
a: It bombed

q: What did the serial killer say before he killed his victim?
a: cheerio.

q: What do you call a midget psychic who escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: What kind of bee produces milk?
a: A BOOBEE!

q: What's the difference between an old Greyhound station and a lobster with a double D bra size?
a: One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station. 

q: What the difference between John Wayne and Jack Daniels?
a: John Wayne stopped killing Indians a long time ago.

q: How did the medical community come up with the term PMS?
a: Mad cow disease was already taken.

q: Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella?
a: Fo Drizzle.

q: What's 10 foot long and stinks of piss?
a: Old folk doing the conga.

q: What do you call a questionable porcine?
a: A Porqu-pine

q: Why does the lead singer of Sublime hate tennis?
a: Cause love is what I got

q: How do you find out that a blonde girl got a bad day?
a: She has a tampon behind her ear, and she is looking for her pencil.

q: What do you call two fruits that can't get married?
a: Cantaloupes

q: What do you call someone who speaks 2 languages?
a: Bilingual What do you call someone who speaks 3 languages? Trilingual. What do you call someone who speaks only 1 language? American.

q: What do you call an Italian with erectile dysfunction?
a: Floppy Giuseppe

q: What operating system does Varys have on his computer?
a: Unix

q: What do the letters D.N.A stand for?
a: National Dyslexics Association.

q: What piece of bedding can also be known as a Mexican blanket?
a: the underlay! underlay!

q: What's the difference between a yoghurt and America?
a: If you leave a yoghurt for 200 years, it will eventually develop a culture. Plus the yoghurt's fat free.

q: Why did Anne Sullivan decide on "water "for Helen Keller's first word?
a: It was a test she could pass.

q: What goes blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette?
a: A naked blonde doing cartwheels.

q: What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve?
a: ...Christopher Walken

q: What do you call the hairiest man in the camp?
a: Jewbacca

q: How long is a submarine?
a: No, How Long is a Chinaman.

q: What do 9/10 people enjoy?
a: Gangrape

q: What kid of music do old people listen to?
a: Hip-Pop

q: What do onions and people have in common?
a: I weep uncontrollably when I cut them.

q: Why do Americans hate sunlight?
a: Because it's yellow and settles on their land too. And it melts snow.

q: What do you call a black person on the moon?
a: An astrounaut you racist bastard!

q: What do you call a woman that raps about woman's rights?
a: Feminem

q: Did you hear the one about the constipated accountant?
a: He couldn't budget.

q: What do you call a porn site for celeb lookalikes?
a: Doppelbangers

q: What did Mr. Marijuana say to Mrs. Marijuana when she asked if her dress makes her look fat?
a: "I'll be blunt..."

q: What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
a: ...

q: What is the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four year old?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't drop a bag of cocaine out the window

q:  What do you think about sex before marriage?
a:  Well, as long as it doesnt delay the ceremony

q: they asked a 100year old grandpa why were all the women still crazy about him?
a: grandpa said nothing! just gently licked his eyebrow

q: What's better than Chrisopher Walken?
a: Ted Danson.

q: What did the egg play in the movie?
a: The egg-stra.

q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: It only takes two mice to screw in a light bulb. The hard part is getting them in there.

q: So how do I take the gum out of my hair?
a: Cancer.

q: What's the difference between Acne and a Catholic priest?
a: Acne cums on your face after you're 12.

q: What did Harry Potter say when his waiter gave him the wrong drink?
a: "Sir, when I buy patron I EXPECTO PATRONUM!" (Hauls ass towards the exit)

q: What, me? Lazy?
a: Don't get me started.

q: Why don't they sell aspirin in the rainforest?
a: Because it would be economically unviable to market a pharmaceutical in such a vastly unpopulated area.

q: What two places can you find a California roll?
a: Sushi bars and stop signs.  Source: am southern Oregonian; lots of bad Cali drivers here

q: What's A Columbian's Favorite Kind of Drink?
a: Coke.

q: Did you hear Ant Man will be in Captain America 3?
a: I hear it will be a small role

q: How is a broken clock better than a politician?
a: The clock is still right twice a day.

q: What is it called when you get sick from gaming on the internet?
a: YouTuberculosis.

q: What would Steve Urkel say if he used The Force?
a: Jedi do that?

q: Why was Jesus such a bad carpenter?
a: He couldn't remove three nails to save his life

q: Why should you be scared of a white person in prison?
a: Because they are most certainly guilty.

q: What did the made-to-order breakfast dish say to Taylor Swift at the Grammys?
a: Omelette you finish.

q: Why did the hipster go to bed early?
a: Because he sleeps before it gets cool.

q: What do you call someone who only speaks one language?
a: American.

q: Where is the best place to find hot grills?
a: A barbecue

q: What's the difference between Broccoli and boogers?
a: Kids don't eat broccoli.

q: How does a black man laugh?
a: They snigger.

q: What do you call an orange elephant?
a: Call it whatever. It is not like it is gonna have  a problem with that. 

q: What does Joan Jett use when her lips are chapped?
a: Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry balm!

q: Whag did one cat say to the other?
a: Meow

q: What do you call a cheap hooker?
a: A bang for your buck.

q: What was the name of the meth cook who got caught stealing baked beans?
a: Heinzenburg

q: Why did Bono fall off the stage?
a: Because he was too close to The Edge. 

q: What was the statistician's fetish?
a: Let's just say he had the standard deviation.

q: What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog?
a: Stupid.

q: Why are yogurt eaters sophisticated?
a: Because they're WELL-CULTURED.

q: Why did the English teacher hire a midget geography nut as his lawyer?
a: He wanted someone who understood   and   case.

q: Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
a: Because the "P" is silent

q: How do you tie two half ducks together?
a: with ducktape!! 

q: A roger you say?
a: My hot Chinese neighbour told me she was desperate for a roger. It was only when I'd dropped my pants and got my cock out that I realised she meant someone to rent her spare room. 

q: What do you call a spider that wants to overthrow the government?
a: An anarchid.

q: What's a pirate's favorite sexual partner?
a: Can't legally consent because they're retarrrrrrrrded.

q: What's it called when you try not to get knocked unconscious by a Taser?
a: Resisting a rest.

q: [Spanish Joke] Cual es el marido de la ballena?
a: El autobus, porque va lleno!

q: how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: She starts to fit your wife's clothes.  Yes, I know this isn't OC. Nothing on reddit is. 

q: What do you do if your daughter gets dirty in the laundry room?
a: You washer and dryer.

q: What happened to the guy who grabbed the Viagra instead of the Allegra?
a: ...he had a hard time with his allergies

q: How do Israeli skiiers greet each other?
a: Shlalom! (Oy, that's terrible.)

q: What's the difference between a Piano and a Fish?
a: You can tune a piano but you can't Tuna Fish!  

q: What's the hardest thing about rollerskating?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: want to know why i didnt have sex last night?
a: The roofie didn't work.

q: What do you call an Indian that's been hit by a car?
a: Pindunderjeep

q: What do you call a robot dressed in drag?
a: A transition metal.

q: What's the fastest way to get a female Officer to arrest you?
a: Liquor.

q: Why are redditors American?
a: Because they always *tip*.

q: Why is it better to be a hooker than a drug dealer?
a: Because you can sell the same crack over and over again.

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound station and a lobster with a boob job?
a: One's a crusty bus station, the other's a busty crustacean. 

q: What does a German snake sound like?
a: ....

q: How is a 9v battery like a woman's asshole?
a: Sooner or later, you're going to stick you tongue on it.

q: What did the fisherman from Boston say to the magician?
a: Pick a cod, any cod!

q: Why was the calendar nervous?
a: It's days were numbered!

q: What do you call a person who uses multiple accounts to upvote their own memes?
a: Unidank

q: What's the difference between falling from the 1st and 10th floor?
a: Falling from the 1st floor:    SPLAT! HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Falling from the 10th floor: HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! SPLAT!

q: Who's faster, The Flash? or Quicksilver?
a: A: Floyd Mayweather

q: What is White, Fluffy and swings through a cake shop?
a: A Merangue-utang :-D

q: Whats the last thing that went through the suicide bombers mind?
a: His ass

q: didja hear about the new LGBT libretto for Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen?
a: The character Brunehilde is now named Brucehilde.

q: Why don't you see tampons with maxi pads?
a: Because they're stuck up cunts.

q: Why wouldn't the two tampons talk to each other?
a: They are both stuck-up cunts.

q: How does a Metal Wizard perform his spells?
a: He ChromeCasts.  anDruid humor. 

q: How does a Trigonometry teacher appreciate his girlfriend?
a: "Oh baby, you are so (1/cos C)" !!!

q: Hibernate?
a: It's spring, and the cub comes out of his cave. His knees are wobbling, he's a wreck. He's skin and bones, with big circles under his eyes. His mother says, "Junior! Did you hibernate all winter like you were supposed to?" "Hibernate? Shit, Ma, I thought you said 'masturbate'

q: How do German bread greet each other?
a: Gluten tag!

q: Gaining weight from drinking so much water?
a: Drink lighter fluid

q: What do you say when you are trying to scare your girlfriend?
a: Boo bae!     (Read aloud please)

q: Which boxer did Darth Vader put his money on in the fight?
a: The Thai fighter

q: Did you hear about the Spaniard who was obsessed with Greek Mythology?
a: I said to him, "Jesus?" and he replied, "Where's Zeus?"

q: Where does honey come from?
a: Beez nuts! 

q: 1. Be born of a virgin 2. Walk on water 3. Get crucified 4. Return from the dead 5. ???
a: 6: Prophet

q: How high is a stoner sailor?
a: Sea Level.

q: What are Benedict Cumberbatch's fans called?
a: Cumberbitches.

q: What do you call a gay chickpea?
a: A hummussexual.

q: What is a gynecologist's favorite snack?
a: Queef jerky.

q: What's Big, White and If It falls out of a tree it will kill you?
a: A Fridge

q: What did the mother say to the son after he peed on the toilet seat?
a: urine trouble.

q: What is so ironic about Atheists?
a: A: they're always talking about God. 

q: Why are there so many French orphans in the fruit isle of the grocery store?
a: Because they are all looking for their pre

q: You know how some people call their erect penis a 'hard on'?
a: What do evil midgets call it? A 

q: Why didn't The Cold War happen?
a: Russia kept Stalin it

q: Why don't Jedi mathematicians use the absolute value function?
a: Because only a Sith deals in absolutes.        

q: How do sceptics introduce themselves?
a: "I don't believe we've met..."

q: Why do people procrastinate?
a: I'll tell you later.

q: Why do plants hate math?
a: ... Because it gives them square roots

q: What fills the entire volume of its container and may become volatile and explosive when compressed?
a: NYC subway commuters.

q: What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic?
a: Someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is dog.

q: Did you know that after this next album, Matisyahu will be retiring?
a: Soon he will be Jah-bless.

q: What do you call Pegasus farts?
a: Horse power.

q: Why do you never see an elephant hiding in trees?
a: Because they are really good at it.

q: How do genetically engineered car salesmen from Boston greet their customers?
a: Hey, gattaca? GATTACA? 

q: Why did Regina George's dog only play keep-away?
a: because fetch is not going to happen. 

q: Geeze, how's all the news in Nepal?
a: It's really shaking me up!

q: What is the hardest part of watching an orphanage burn down?
a: My dick.

q: What does a prostitute and a book have in common?
a: For five dollars you can get one with crabs in it.

q: What does a bee do with his stinger at night?
a: Put it in his honey. 

q: How do you describe eating just the right amount?
a: Nom Nom Nominal

q: Who is Hitler's favourite character in Star Wars?
a: Princess Leiabensraum

q: Would you like to hear a joke about violence and torture?
a: What is WRONG with you!

q: What do you call two Jews having sex?
a: A Kosher pork

q: What Do You Call A Dog With Wings?
a: Linda McCartney

q: What do you call an Iguana that can't stand up straight?
a: Ereptile Dysfunction.

q: Why are business men's toilet clogged?
a: They gave too many shits

q: Where would be a good place to find 25 million north korean jokes?
a: In north korea itself.

q: What do you call a showoff Texan?
a: tatious.

q: Why is Pharrell Williams happy?
a: Because he "got lucky".

q: Where do black person go to travel cross-country?
a: The Newport  (My first joke, sorry if bad 8>)

q: Why can't lions ever conquer the world?
a: Because the pride comes before the fall.

q: What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horses ass?
a: Mechanic.

q: What's the difference between Males and Females?
a: An iron.

q: Do you know who are the fastest readers in the world?
a: 9-11 victims. They went through 87 stories in 10 seconds.

q: What do you call the boner of a necrophiliac?
a: Mourning wood 

q: If grandmas had an award ceremony, what would it be called?
a: The Grammy's

q: Why is the African Justice System so flawed?
a: Because there's too many   juries.

q: Why do people order espresso shots at Starbucks?
a: Because it's black. Sorry.

q: Who's coca colas favourite rapper?
a: 2-pop 

q: where does honey come from?
a: beez nuts

q: What kind of weed do reptiles smoke?
a: Mariguana.

q: What do the films 'Titanic' and 'The Sixth Sense' have in common?
a: Icy dead people.

q: What did the anti-joker say to the joker?
a: I'm Batman.

q: How do you call an unlocked phone ?
a: Married and virgin.

q: [Game of Thrones] What happens if Ramsay Bolton met Samwell Tarly's girlfriend?
a: Gilly suit

q: What did the physicist say to the man about to jump off a building?
a: "Don't do it! You have so much potential!"

q: How does Harry Potter travel about?
a: Walking -Jk Rolling

q: Response to "LPT: If you ever get cold..." What if your corner isn't 90 degrees?
a: Well, it just wouldn't be right.

q: What was Hitler's least favorite drink?
a: Juice

q: Whats the worst part of eating 11 raw oysters out of your grandmothers vagina?
a: Realizing you only put 10 in

q: What's the difference between Jews and Santa?
a: Santa goes down the chimney.

q: Why Did The NSA Worker Have To Stay In Russia?
a: He Was Snowed In(Snowden) ;)

q: What do you call the useless skin on the end of a penis?
a: A man.  Courtesy of my grandmother.

q: What is trees' preferred drug?
a: Water. It helps them get high. 

q: What does Saddam Hussein and little Miss Moffat have in common?
a: They both had curds/Kurds in their whey/way!

q: What do you call someone that lives next a horse?
a: Their neighbor

q: What does Snoop Dogg eat?
a: Beets by Dre.

q: What do you call a black guy wearing an ankle bracelet?
a: A stay at home dad

q: What is yellow and incapable of swimming?
a: An excavator.

q: What do Dallas Cowboys fans do after they win the Super Bowl?
a: They turn off their XBOX and go to bed!

q: What game do they play at Mexican carnivals?
a: Guaca-mole!

q: How many gears does a French Tank have?
a: 5. 4 reverse and 1 forward for parades.

q: How do you blind a woman?
a: You put a windshield in front of her. 

q: You know what isn't a joke?
a: Hitlers gas bill.

q: How many babies does it take to make light?
a: 99, 98 get in a pile while 1 grabs a match and lighter fluid.

q: What's brown, long, and sticky?
a: A stick. 

q: What did Timmy get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: Why can't Thor play the piano or hide n seek with his brother?
a: He can never find the Loki.

q: How do you make cocoa powder?
a: Throw    from the plane

q: What's a Neckbeard's favourite curry?
a: Chicken tikka m'sala

q: What do you get for opening the BEST Vietnamese soup joint in London?
a: A great big pho queue. 

q: What did the neckbeard say when he looked in the mirror?
a: M'self

q: What is the only group of cops who get in trouble when a black guy gets killed?
a: secret service

q: Where do all the orphan chickens end up?
a: Foster Farms

q: Anyone want to know my secret to quit procrastination?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow.

q: What does the hot dog say when it crosses the finish line?
a: I'm the wiener!

q: Which US national park is most welcoming to Hebrews?
a: Yosemite!

q: What do you name a combination Gay Conversion Camp/Coma Ward?
a: Fruits & Vegetables.

q: Who was the most racist president?
a: Bill Clinton.  He hid from the black guy in between the Bushes.

q: When Peter Rabbit was working as a porn star, whom did his contract require to be on the set?
a: Fluffer Bunny.

q: What's ISIS's favorite Country Band?
a: Allahbama

q: What kind of TV show do felines watch?
a: Catoons

q: How can you tell when a woman is faking an orgasm?
a: She screams her husbands name instead of yours

q: Do you know what "clitoris" is in French?
a: Me neither, but I had it on the tip of my tongue yesterday.

q: Why do tampons have strings?
a: So you can floss your teeth with them after you've used them.

q: What's brown and sits on a piano bench?
a: Beethoven's last movement.

q: What's a spiders favorite way to learn?
a: A webinar.

q: How do you know if a black woman is pregnant?
a: Stick a banana up her cooter, if it comes out half eaten, you've got a monkey on the way!

q: How does Samuel L Jackson create fire with an orange?
a: He uses Pulp Friction

q: Anyone want to hear a really Nepalling joke about an earthquake?
a: Oh.  Nvm...

q: What does a pirate say when he turns 80?
a: Aye matey

q: What did the big chimmney say to the little chimmney?
a: Stop smoking. You are too young to smoke

q: What do a Jew and dollar bill have in common?
a: They both have a unique serial number. 

q: Why are Democrats stupid enough to believe in climate change?
a: Because they were vaccinated as children.

q: Why didn't the cops ever charge Abraham Lincoln?
a: Because he was always in a cent.

q: What did the cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend?
a: Wiped his ass

q: Why is pinocchio so good in the bedroom?
a: He nose what he's doing

q: Why cant you trust stairs?
a: they are always up to something...

q: What's the difference between a Circumcision and a Crucifiction?
a: With crucifictions, they throw the whole jew away.

q: Why was the condom angry?
a: It was pissed off.

q: What no running shoes and Neo-Nazis have in common?
a: Both make Jews run faster! (Sorry, but as an agnostic Jew myself, I hope that it's okay for me to make this joke.)

q: Did you hear about the upcoming play based on the life of Elton John?
a: It's a little bit funny.

q: What do you call a man with a fetish for US currency who works on a dairy farm?
a: A quarter-pounder with cheese.

q: What does Tupperware and a sealion have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal.

q: Me...Lazy?
a: Don't get me started!

q: Two crows are loitering in the park; why did they get arrested?
a: Attempted murder.

q: How do you wake up Lady Gaga?
a: Poker face.

q: How do you win a Scandinavian race?
a: By crossing the Finnish line!

q: How is your job and your wife different?
a: I don't mind telling work the other jobs I've done

q: What's the stupidest, most useless comment that can still earn you some karma?
a: This

q: What service do you get if you sleep in a bakery?
a: Bread and Bakedfast!

q: Why do mathematicians love talking about Jesus?
a: Because he's a cross product.

q: Why does the army want to only recruit married men?
a: Because they don't want a   man lost!

q: What do you call a frozen swine lavatory?
a: A pigloo I'll see myself out. 

q: How do you keep a blonde busy for years?
a: Tell her to count the stairs on an escalator.

q: How do you stop a black kid from jumping on the bed?
a: tape velcro to the ceiling.

q: What do you call a pub for lesbians in circus outfits?
a: A Clown-Dyke-Bar Credit to   

q: What do you call a white man surrounded by many black men?
a: A warden

q: What is the worst city to be a cop in?
a: Baltimore, I hear it's backbreaking work.

q: What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a small child?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a small bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: Did you hear about the guy who ate so many creole sausages that he had a fatal heart attack?
a: They were his andouille-ing. [I'll see myself out...]

q: Who fills in for the president of Russia when he's on leave?
a: Deputin

q: What do you call a dead pigeon?
a: A pige-out ...made it myself...

q: Why don't they play poker in Africa?
a: Because there's cheetahs. 

q: Why did Nobelium's car got towed away?
a: He parked at a   parking!

q: Did you hear the joke about Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth?
a: I guess I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.

q: What do you call a fast sheep in Ireland?
a: A virgin.

q: What has two legs and bleeds profusely?
a: What has two legs and bleeds profusely? Half a cat

q: Q: In church, why do they sing hymns and not hers?
a: A: they're misogynists

q: Whats a hoes idea?
a: A Thot.

q: What did the table fan say to his boss when he couldn't get to work on time?
a: Ah-so-late!

q: What do you call a pro-gamer?
a: An ath1337

q: What is green and has 4 wheels?
a: Grass, I lied about the wheels.

q: How did the barber win the race?
a: He knew a short cut.

q: What has six balls and screws everybody?
a: The lottery.

q: What's the Difference between Jam and Jelly?
a: What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my cock in your ass.  Inspiration taken from How I Met Your Mother :)

q: Why do Japanese Sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
a: So you can tell them apart from feminists.

q: Where does poor spaghetti live?
a: The spaghetto

q: What's the most political particle?
a: rons

q: Why did raggedy Ann get kicked out of the toy box?
a: She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face screaming "LIE TO ME"!

q: How did Hellen Keller burn her ear?
a: She answered the iron.

q: What do you call two Mexican guys playing basketball?
a: Juan on Juan. 

q: What do you do when you're racist and all the immigrants exhaust you?
a: You kip.

q: How do you break a Pollock's finger?
a: Punch him in the nose.

q: You know what a satisfied woman sounds like?
a: I didn't think so.

q: How do you get rid of pubic lice?
a: Seriously,  it  is not a joke. I really want to know.

q: What type of gun do time travelers use?
a: A Clock-18

q: What's the difference between a sandwich and a germanwings plane?
a: When the sandwich drops I'm sad.

q: What's the different between a pilot and a pepperoni pizza?
a: I give a shit when my pizza is burnt.

q: How is a bull better then a man?
a: It doesn't take a  bull a 2-6 oz to fuck a cow

q: What's the difference between a football player and a bank robber?
a: The bank robber says: Give me the money or I will shoot!  The football player says: Give me the money or I won't shoot.

q: [Not a joke] Fellow Redditors, can you help me find this thesis about morbid jokes?
a: Hello Reddit, In  2008 Andrew Warner has written a thesis about grotesque humour. I have yet to find a .pdf of this paper. The full title is: 'P.S. Dead Baby Jokes Aren't Funny: The Grotesque in Sick Humor' written by Andrew M. Warner. If anyone can help me find a copy of this magnificent work, I would love to hear, since I am dying to read this. Cheers

q: Did you hear about the eel party last night?
a: It was electric

q: How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil?
a: A Brazillion!!! 

q: What's the only day Asian people can have sex??
a: Election day

q: [Meta] the number of subscribers in this sub is a joke right?
a: Did I miss something? 

q: Didja hear about this new rum for the LGBT market - Morgan Le Fay?
a: It's 150 broof.

q: What do you call the state of having confidence?
a: I'm sorry, it's confidential. 

q: Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
a: Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.

q: What type of pasta is most likely to cheat for a musical award?
a: Rigatoni

q: What do you call it when you get an erection at a funeral?
a: Mourning wood

q: How do you become friends with Ben Affleck?
a: Mistake him for George Clooney.

q: What do rappers like on their burritos?
a: Waka Flakamole  I'll show myself out

q: How do you make exotic matter?
a: By taking a shit in a rainforest!

q: What language do British wrenches speech?
a: Spanish!

q: What's the best part about locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic?
a: Plenty of coat hangers.

q: Did you hear about the tumblr user who wrote a play about foxes?
a: They called it Fennec-Kin's Wake

q: What's the difference between a cat and a politician?
a: A cat will lie   your face. A politician will lie   your face.

q: What do you call a tornado holding a spork?
a: The Mersenne Twister.

q: What do you call a sea mammal with a mission?
a: A porpoise.

q: What did a Vegetarian Cannibal eat?
a: Stephen Hawking.

q: Why did so many blacks die in Vietnam?
a: Every time someone said "Get down!" they jumped up and started dancing. 

q: Did you know Paul Walker had dandruff?
a: They found his head and shoulders in the glove box.

q: What did the Scotsman say when he ripped his trousers?
a: Och noo, me troosers!

q: What is it called when Albert Einstein masturbates?
a: A stroke of genius.

q: What is Helen Keller's favorite color?
a: Corduroy!

q: Who is trusted more than President Obama?
a: Tom Brady

q: Hi everyone, are you all alright?
a: No, you are all al-left.

q: What do frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant woman have in common?
a: An idiot who forgot to take it out earlier.

q: What do you call a short mexican?
a: A paragraph, hes not a full essay yet.

q: How can you tell if someone voted Green Party?
a: Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.

q: Why don't blind people like skydiving?
a: Scares their dogs.

q: Did you know Princess Diana was on the radio?
a: And the dashboard, and the windshield...

q: Why did Bibi Netanyahu lie on a couch licking his balls?
a: Likud.

q: What do holiday parties and after school clubs have in common?
a: They both feature Chess nuts!

q: Why'd the blonde snort a line of Splenda?
a: She thought it was diet coke

q: Whats the difference between a dead baby and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton never lost a bag of coke out the window.

q: Why are some flowers gangsta ?
a: Cause they carry pistils.

q: Why did the black Classic major think Oedipus was black?
a: Cause he thought "casta" was Greek for "moms".

q: What will latent pedophiles pay a hooker extra to wear?
a: pedo-pushers

q: Did you hear about the guy who got his tongue cut out by the mafia?
a: Never mind. It's a tasteless joke.

q: If a tree falls in the forest does it make a sound?
a: No. The universe uses lossy compression.

q: Why did Arnold Schwarzenegger cross the road?
a: To 

q: Where does beef come from?
a: Cowschwitz.

q: What is Homer Simpson's favorite rapper?
a: A. Butter Finger

q: What's the difference between love, true love and showing off?
a: Spit, swallow, gargle.

q: why did the ambulance cross the road?
a: there's a coffee shop on the other side. u thought its gonna be '' paul walker''.. didnt u?

q: How do you tell if someone is a safety engineer?
a: They are wearing suspenders and a belt. 

q: Whats a potheads favorite vehicle?
a: The cannaBUS.

q: What was the last thing to go through Princess Diana's head before she died?
a: Her asshole.

q: What does a buff zombie want?
a: Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.

q: What do you call couples that practice pulling out as a method of contraception?
a: Parents.

q: Why do people like r/citrus?
a: It's sublime

q: What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?
a: Pumpkin Pi

q: Hey guys where do Chemists come from?
a: ... From the  iometry.  I'll see myself out now.

q: Why is there a bucket of shit at an Italian wedding?
a: To keep the flies off of the bride.

q: What do you call a deer with no eye?
a: NO IDEAR!

q: What does a vegan zombie eat?
a: Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains! ... I'll show myself out...

q: What has a bottom on top?
a: A leg.

q: Why are there not more black golfers?
a: Because the bus route doesn't go to the country club. 

q: What did the brown cow say to the brown chicken?
a: Brown chicken brown cow ;)

q: How does Moses make tea?
a: Hebrews it

q: What was the cause for Floyd Mayweather's first loss?
a: He couldn't read his opponent's moves.

q: How long does it take for mods to remove a post?
a: [removed]

q: Why don't your balls like being chomped on?
a: It makes them a bit teste.

q: What will the "Red Hot Chili Peppers" become when they die?
a: Ghost Peppers.

q: Anyone know a good lawyer?
a: (Question sponsored by Al Tebehalah's Discount Lobotomies)

q: What was the pedophile doing on the beach?
a: Just kidding

q: What did the Mexican say when the house fell on him?
a: Ayyyy watch it homes!

q: What do you call a jar of mayonnaise stuck in quicksand?
a: Sinko de mayo

q: How did the OBGYN win the election?
a: He was able to stirrup some controversy about his opponent with his effective smear campaign.

q: What is the hardest part to eat in a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What language do farsighted people speak?
a: Farsi.

q: Did you hear about the guy that used ivory butt plugs?
a: He suffered from elephant-tight-ass.

q: What's the most reliable thing about a Honda?
a: It's theft rate.

q: What did Drake say to 2Chainz as he was leaving da club?
a: Challah at ya boy!

q: What is Hellen Keller's favorite color?
a: Corduroy.

q: Mom, how are babies born?
a: A little boy asks him mom, "Mom how are babies born?". Looking at his innocent question, his mom answers, "When a woman feels like having a cute baby like you, an angel brings a baby from heaven and keeps it in the mom's lap." Patiently hearing this sweet story from his mother, the little boy asks, "So fucking is useless?"

q: What computer monitor sings the best?
a: A Dell.

q: What do you call a skinned, animal-throwrug for your vehicle?
a: A carpet.

q: The problem with grammar nazis?
a: They're anti-semantic.

q: Which US president is most responsible for unemployment in the US today?
a: Abraham Lincoln.

q: How do you pick up older Spanish women?
a: Hola Seniority

q: What did Elsa say to her fans on Reddit?
a: Leddit go

q: What do you call two physicians?
a: A paradox

q: What's an algebra teachers favorite animal?
a: A grr-affe

q: what's the longest word in the dictionary?
a: Smiles, because there is a mile between each s.

q: What's 18 inches, stiff and makes girls cry all night?
a: Cot death

q: Why are there so many Mike Tysons on my news feed today...?
a: "May the forth be with you"

q: What do you get when you cross dirty double meanings with WWI?
a: The Triple Entendre.

q: Why do teenage girls not like filing papers?
a: They just don't believe in labels. 

q: What's the hardest part about being a Vegan who does Crossfit and owns a Rescue dog?
a: Deciding which to tell people first.

q: How is Reddit like fencing?
a: Ripostes everywhere.

q: When the gay guy died, why did they bury him face down?
a: So his buddies could come by and have a cold one with him.

q: Is Google a Boy or a Girl?
a: A girl, because it tries to complete your sentences for you, and it   forgets what you said.

q: Did you hear the joke about mountains?
a: It's hill-areas. 

q: What was the first thing Abraham Lincoln told his friends when they asked him how he got an STD?
a: Four whore and seven beers ago....

q: What do you call a hooker who specializes in anal sex?
a: A backhoe.

q: How many pot heads does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one, we're stoned not stupid.  

q: How can you tell if something has been posted on Reddit before?
a: Oh, they'll fucking tell you.

q: Did you hear about the blonde woman who has three hours of footage of raw chicken on her iPhone?
a: The cooking instructions said remove sleeve and film.

q: Why did Hitler save the plaster after his broken arm had healed?
a: He wanted a hollow cast.

q: How do Japanese people ask for rice?
a: Samurais? 

q: What did Charlie Sheen say when he won the Tour de France?
a: Schwinning!

q: Why do the nurses give the old men in retirement homes Viagra?
a: To keep them from rolling out of bed

q: Why did the carpenter's wife leave him?
a: He was screwing around when he was supposed to be nailing her.

q: What do you call a blood-thirsty optometrist?
a: Macula.

q: What happens when two blind people see each other?
a: They don't.

q: How many sith lords does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They like it on the dark side.

q: Which art piece won the Texas Muhammad cartoon contest?
a: Two chalk outlines.

q: Why does Floyd Mayweather have "TGIF" written on his boxing shoes?
a: To remind him that "Toes Go in First."

q: Did you hear about the unnecessarily large string orchestra?
a: It was shut down due to mass violins

q: What is the opposite of leapfrog?
a: Toadstool

q: whats the difference between your sister and a mosquito?
a: The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it

q: Did you see the headline about Mayweather being afraid to go outside in the heat?
a: "Mayweather May Weather May Weather"

q: What do you say to Floyd Mayweather after his arms have been cut off?
a: Whatever you like.

q: Whats the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds?
a: There's twenty of them

q: What's a porn stars favorite golf course?
a: The inter course

q: What do Hitler and Oprah have in common?
a: Neither could finish a race

q: What political party does Jon Snow belong to?
a: The Know-Nothings!

q: Is there any jokes you know that's about the vegetable corn, but its only in the punchline?
a: i did an online search and all i could find were jokes about corn where they were the subject (in the start of the joke) Can anybody tell me a good joke where corn is only in the punchline? 

q: What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death?
a: Isaac newton died a virgin

q: what's the best part about being a man?
a: no .

q: Did you hear about the Mayweather X Pacquiao fight?
a: The bout was declared a bore.

q: How do you know if someone's a vegan?
a: When you ask them "Are you a vegan?" and they say "Yes".

q: What do you call a broken lizard?
a: Ereptile dysfunction

q: How do you call a sad coffee?
a: A depresso... get it?

q: What does a haunted hamburger say?
a: MooooOOOoooOoo

q: Why was the Mexican called a paragraph?
a: Because he was to short to be called an essay

q: What's the objective of Jewish football?
a: To get the quarterback.

q: How many nuts does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A Brazilian

q: What happens to a legend's career when he loses his leg?
a: It ends.

q: Did you hear about the bee who married the centipede?
a: They went to bed on their wedding night. He opened up one pair of legs - not it. He opened up another pair - not it. Damn near took him the whole night. 

q: What's the one public place that most people still support the separation of Colors and Whites?
a: The laundromat.

q: What's the difference between 0/1 and 0/2 ?
a: Nothing.

q: What does Lebron use to high jump?
a: The Flosberry Flop.

q: What do you call a Mexican whose lost his car?
a: Carlos

q: You now that fucker that always needs to have the last word?
a: He is called Edit.

q: What is the difference between a dollar and a ruble ?
a: A dollar.

q: what does my microwave and women have in common?
a: they both need a mute button

q: What do you call it when wolves get bad breath?
a: Howl-itosis.

q: What should I give your sister for unzipping?
a: ...... Him : Um, ten bucks? Me : Like for WinZip. PS: Taken from bash.org

q: Have you ever try ethiopan food ?
a: Neither have they ..

q: What's the worst thing about living with Alzheimer's?
a: I forgot

q: What do you do when a black person gets killed by a cop?
a: Let Mayweather lead all the protests, That way we know it will be peaceful and someone will get a hug every minute.

q: What do you find hanging from cherry trees?
a: Your arms have gotten sore.

q: Want to hear a good boxing joke?
a: Fuck you.

q: What does Vin Diesel call "pin the tail on the donkey"?
a: Fasten the furry ass.

q: How do we fix boxing?
a: We can't. It's already fixed.

q: Why don't they have werewolves in Asia?
a: They get eaten.

q: What did Mr. T start eating when he went on a diet?
a: Tofoo  [7]

q: What did the scientist who was conducting sexual experiments on dogs say to his partner?
a: "If you need me, I'll be in the lab."

q: Where did the sick boat go to get a checkup?
a: The Dock!

q: who enjoys sex more - man or woman?
a: A man and woman got into an argument over who enjoyed sex more.  The man argued,"Of course men enjoy sex more than women, no doubt about it!". The woman replied,"Oh yeah? Well tell me this if your ears itch and you put in your finger inside and wiggle a bit and remove it, which feels better the ear or finger?

q: You know why Mayweather won't beat Pacquiao?
a: Pacquiao isn't his wife. 

q: Why did the reddit mod cross the road?
a: [removed]

q: Why don't we let Google Chrome drive?
a: Because it crashes all the time.

q: What kind of milk do the wealthiest people in the world give to their children?
a: 1%

q: What's the most outplayed joke in all of /r/jokes?
a: [removed]

q: What do schizophrenic people think when they say an insensitive joke?
a: That sounded a lot better in my head

q: What did the clock say to the class?
a: Stopwatch you're doing!

q: Why did the Indian pedophile miss work?
a: He was feeling a little Sikh.

q: Why does 7 make 6 nervous?
a: 7 is his plus one, but she's bigger than he is.

q: What's the main ingredient in mana potions?
a: Caster sugar.

q: What does Diana stand for?
a: Dead In A Nasty Accident.

q: Why was Stalin a Bad leader?
a: Because he was staling a country that was rushing..(Russia) This joke was bad. Im going to bed now.

q: What is the Donner Party's favorite donut?
a: Munchkin.

q: Why is a reflection always twice as good as the real thing?
a: i actually don't know where to post this idea, true jokes maybe?...  There has to be a food for thought sub. This is your OP, I promise to deliver!

q: Why was the black man arrested?
a: Good question.

q: How many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One because his knee grows.

q: Why did Microsoft skip to windows 10?
a: Because 7 8 9.

q: What do you call a cow thats had a hysterectomy?
a: Decaffeinated.

q: How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one, except she scissors it in.

q: What do you call an exemplary black housewife?
a: Do'mestique

q: Did you hear about the new bolt the apple company made?
a: The eye bolt

q: Who leaves money under the pillows of children with LGBT parents ?
a: Surely you will have guessed - the brooth fairy.

q: Didja hear about the LGBT DJ in Paris who'll only play 50's US rock songs?
a: Yeah - he calls himself ... wait for it ... Cousine Brucie  

q: What do aliens use to buy their coffee?
a: starbucks

q: What do you call a Jamaican guy on the internet?
a: A digimon.

q: Why did the 80-year-old man call his dick Jesus?
a: It takes 3 days for it to rise again.

q: If Jesus had been LGBT, what would Pilate now be known for asking?
a: What is bruth?

q: What is the Dothraki font of choice?
a: Kaleebri

q: How does a Muslim close the door?
a: Islams it.

q: Did you know John Travolta's home has an airport in it?
a: Too bad, he got the bomb detecting dogs about 7 movies too late.

q: What does an LGBT rabbi call a blessing?
a: a brucea

q: Did you hear about the guy who illegally downloaded Free Fallin' and Refugee?
a: He was charged with Petty theft.

q: What did the shirt say to the pants?
a: What's up, britches. 

q: What's black and loves to destroy Baltimore?
a: The Pittsburgh Steelers

q: Why was the Instagram star so bad at making coffee?
a: Because she used #nofilter

q: What should you do when your girlfriend starts smoking??
a: Slow down and maybe use some lube...

q: what's a slice of cheese's secret fetish?
a: mature. I'll pack up and leave.

q: What do your mom and the Baltimore Police have in common?
a: They both like giving nickel rides to black men!

q: What's your favorite pick up line?
a: Mine is the Ford F Series. 

q: Jimmy: Khaleesi, of course means Queen. What's your real name again?
a: Khaleesi (Kristen Wiig): Karen

q: Whats the difference between Taylor Swift and Adele?
a: About fifty pounds

q: What's bright, red and orange and looks good on hippies?
a: Fire.

q: How do cops get rid of flies?
a: They call in a S.W.A.T. team

q: What did the drunkard say when he walked into an Israeli bar?
a: Hebrews?

q: What do a Cloudy Night and Dancing With The Stars have in common?
a: More than likely you won't see any stars.

q: What do you call an autistic stoner?
a: A baked potato

q: What happens when a muppet gives you a blowjob?
a: A handjob

q: What do you call a talent show where they try to discover a porn star with singing talent?
a: The Sex factor

q: what is the cruelest joke of all?
a: Your Life.

q: What do you get if you dont finish your meal at a cannibalistic restaurant?
a: A bodybag

q: What is the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
a: Snowballs.

q: How do you stop a mexican tank?
a: You shoot the guy pushing it.

q: Why do baked goods always have an urge for sex?
a: Because they're in heat.

q: Why did Charles Darwin become a scientist?
a: He was just playing to his strengths. It was really a natural selection.

q: Hi, what's your name?
a: My name is Yura Phag

q: What's the difference between an airplane bathroom and your mom?
a: Your mom can fit 3 people inside her comfortably!

q: What is a dog's favorite thing about living in a house?
a: Roofs.

q: What do you call a Jamaican motorcycle?
a: Bob Harley

q: Old rich white men selecting strong young black men to work on their fields?
a: I'm not sure about this NFL draft thing.

q: What would you call a restaurant for anorexics?
a: The Empty Plate...

q: Why do jews get their penises circumcised?
a: Because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not 10% off

q: Did you hear there's a new LGBT kung fu actor making films now?
a: His stage name is Bruce Leigh

q: What was Bruce Lees vegetarian brothers name?
a: Broco Lee

q: Did you know that Stalin had a girlfriend that cheated on him?
a: You know what, don't worry about it. She's out of the picture now anyway.

q: What did Sacagawea the frog say in the trampoline factory?
a: I'm very hoppy.

q: What do you call a christian crawdad?
a: A Prayfish.

q: What does an LGBT orthodontist make most of his money off of ?
a: bruces

q: What kind of pickles does Miley Cyrus like in her relish?
a: twerkins

q: What is an angel's favorite font?
a: Sans Seraph

q: What's in a divorce fruit salad?
a: alemony

q: What's in an STD salad?
a: green pees

q: Did you guys hear about the shoe store that got looted in Baltimore?
a: The only thing they left were the work boots. 

q: What's in a honeymoon salad?
a: Lettuce alone, without dressing ...

q: What do you get when you get in a fight with the Los Angeles Lakers lead point scorer?
a: Kobe beef

q: How cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly?
a: Electro

q: What is the scariest thing about a white man in prison?
a: You know he did it.

q: What did the pastry from Denmark say to the pastry from Norway?
a: Hey, I'm Danish. JK they're pastries, they can't talk.

q: [On a date] Date: So what do you do?
a: Me: I'm a taxidermist  Date: Oh... wow.  Fox: And a ventriloquist

q: Which part of the cabbage don't you eat?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What do call a white guy in a burning building?
a: Fire cracker

q: What do snakes take to combat their allergies?
a: Anti-hissss-tamines!

q: What's it called when you look in the mirror and say "jesus christ I look good"?
a: Using the lords name in vanity

q: How did the king die?
a: He had a bad heir day 

q: What does your hot mom where under her skirt?
a: A Freudian slip.

q: What if Voldemort's last horcrux was his virginity?
a: Then Harry Potter would have to destroy it ofcourse.

q: Did you hear about the blind engineer ?
a: Who built the taj mahal

q: What do you call a squashed Italian?
a: A Nepalitano. Oh yeah - wait a sec - OK - for the low-info crowd here:

q: Where do the happy people of Baltimore live?
a: In a merry land.

q: What did the farmer say to the chocolate cow?
a: Get to the back of the meat grinder!

q: What type of drugs do ducks use?
a: What type of drugs to ducks use? Quack cocaine.

q: What happens when you mix mustard and ketchup together?
a: it's must-up ..

q: Why do java programmers need to wear glasses?
a: Because they can't C#!

q: You know they've had sex change operations for men for a while now, right?
a: Well they just recently started offering sex change operations for women, too. It's called the "addadictomy".

q: What do you call an insect that talks under its breath?
a: A mumble bee

q: What do tornados and black people have in common?
a: It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood

q: How many rioters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Don't be stupid, rioters can't change anything. 

q: What do you call a woman who uses Vagisil?
a: a Basic bitch

q: Have you guys seen the movie called "Constipation"?
a: No? That's cuz it hasn't come out yet...

q: Why are people in silicon valley better coders than others?
a: Because of their proximity to the { }; I'll let myself out..

q: My cat deleted my final thesis. Don't believe me?
a: Cats can handle mice.

q: Did you hear about the woman who had to quit her job as an air traffic controller to date a monk?
a: She got out of the flying plans and into the friar.

q: Why do tigers have stripes?
a: They don't want to be spotted.

q: Wanna hear a bondage joke?
a: Sorry I'm all tied up at the moment

q: Who sang at the funeral of those who died in a railroads arson?
a: Adele.  Some one set fire to the train

q: Why can't the cops keep calm and carry on ?
a: Because they carry guns instead

q: What do you call your girlfriend after a tough workout?
a: Sorbet

q: Why are periods called "Aunt Flo"?
a: Because for 3-5 days, it's a PROGRESSIVE pain in the ass.

q: What's Gemma Teller's favorite herb?
a: Taragon

q: Did you hear about the movie Constipation?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: What do you call Murayan Sukumaran's new wife?
a: A necrophiliac.

q: What do you call a beast made entirely from egg whites?
a: A Meringue-u-tang!!! Note: I know it's spelled Orangutan. :P

q: There are 10 types of people... too highbrow?
a: There are 10 types of people... those who know binary, those who don't and those who understand off-by-one errors.

q: Why couldn't the pregnent women watch all of the Harry Potter movies?
a: Because they lactate.

q: Did you hear the joke about your mother's cooking?
a: It's in bad taste. 

q: What do you give someone who is about to tear up?
a: Tape

q: Why can't the motorcycle get up on its own?
a: It's two tired. 

q: How do you describe a Swede, who's not really a Swede?
a: Swed-ish.

q: Why did Minnie Mouse break-up with Mickey Mouse?
a: Because he was fuckin' Goofy.

q: Did you hear about the toilet at The Duggars' house?
a: 19 poops and counting!

q: Wanna know why they burnt down the cvs pharmacy in Baltimore?
a: They stopped selling newports...

q: Why are Jews noses so big?
a: Because air is free.

q: What do you get when you cross worms with elephants?
a: Big holes in your garden

q: Why did the ocean take a bath?
a: It had a sandy bottom.

q: What do you call unborn twins?
a: Wombmates.

q: Why do so many Asians wear glasses?
a: All that squinting gives them astigmatism

q: Did you hear the latest joke about Baltimore?
a: It's a riot

q: Why do all the best golfers keeping buying socks?
a: They get a hole in one! 

q: What's the difference between America and a yogurt?
a: After 200 years a yogurt will develop a culture.

q: What did jesus say to the romans after he rose on the third day and talked about their behavior?
a: Yall nailed it.

q: If a bored JAP says "Sam the ceiling needs painting" during sex, what does a bored gay say?
a: Sam, the floor needs painting.

q: What is wrong with a turtle who can't come out of his shell?
a: Ereptile dysfunction

q: Why did the nazi work in the animal hospital after the war?
a: He was a veteran Aryan.

q: When does a pedophile enjoy a basketball match the most?
a: Before the first period.

q: What are they gonna start calling plastic surgery for sagging boobs on elderly transgender women?
a: broosts

q: What's a bigger problem, ignorance or apathy?
a: I don't know and i don't care.

q: Didja hear they're developing a new gameshow targeted specifically at an LGBT audience?
a: Yeah - they're gonna call it "Bruce or Dare"

q: Why do black guys have red eyes after sex?
a: Pepper Spray.

q: What do you do before deploying a tickle into production?
a: A testicle!

q: What did the duck say when she bought some lipstick?
a: Put it on my bill.

q: What mythical creature is the most bloody?
a: A hemogoblin!

q: How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl?
a: They said,  "baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes" 

q: What's easier to pick up the heavier they get?
a: Women

q: What is the only law enforcement agency that will get in trouble if a black man is shot?
a: The Secret Service 

q: Why did the Nazi chase the waiter?
a: He was following hors d'oeuvres.

q: How come you never see any Albino porn?
a: Because you wouldn't know when it was over.

q: What an old women's vagina taste like?
a: Depends 

q: Why can't you trust a Lithium Ion battery?
a: Because they're always Li-ion!

q: How do you make fat look good?
a: Put a nipple on it.

q: What's the difference between a hippy and a hockey player?
a: The hockey player takes a shower after three periods.

q: What happens when you get a lot of electroshocks within a short period of time?
a: It hertz.

q: What does a Canadian get by mixing black and white?
a: Greh.

q: What's the number for Baltimore chiropractic services?
a: 9-1-1

q: What did Orville say when Keith Harris died?
a: Nothing.

q: Why did the USA invade Panama?
a: Just 'Cause

q: What did the terrorist say to the waiter after his meal?
a: "These hot wings have made me a ticking time bomb."

q: Why should you never give Elsa a balloon?
a: She'll let it go!

q: How do you like your eggs?
a: Poached, scrambled or fertilized?

q: Didja hear that Hershey's is bringing out a new LGBT candy-bar?
a: They're callin it a Lady Bruce.

q: Did you hear they're gonna make a new TV show about Bruce growing up as an unloved child?
a: They're gonna call it Punky Bruceter.

q: Did you hear Ben and Jerry are going to bring out a special line of LGBT ice-cream?
a: They're gonna call it Ambrusia.

q: How many Vietnam vets does it take the screw in a light bulb?
a: THAT'S RIGHT!!! YOU DON'T KNOW; BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T THERE!!!

q: What will they now use on photos for LGBT magazines?
a: an airbroosh

q: What does an LGBT couple do to show affection?
a: embruce

q: If Bruce decides to become a comedienne, what will his stage-name be?
a: Fanny Bruce

q: What will they now call hormonally-induced knockers on men?
a: broosts

q: What does Kayne West masturbate to?
a: He masturbates to the sight of his ego.

q: Did you hear about the new line of LGBT costume-jewelry the Kardashians are bringing out?
a: They're going to start with brucelets.

q: What was the philosopher's favorite toy growing up?
a: Playdough.  

q: After his final sex-change operation, what kind of wood won't Bruce have any more?
a: Sbruce

q: How are all these African-American's able to take off time from work to riot in Baltimore?
a: Wait... nevermind

q: Doctor: Nurse, how is that little girl doing who swallowed ten quarters last night?
a: Nurse: No change yet.

q: What's the riddle?
a: What has a foot but no legs?

q: What kind of game are Americans worst at?
a: Tower defense. 

q: What do Romans use to cut their pizza?
a: Little Caesars.

q: What do nuns do when they get horny?
a: They come to Jesus.

q: Remember World War II? Now close your eyes and imagine?
a: Women and children don't exist. Everyone else is a Man, 90 years old. How long would it have taken for World War II to finish?

q: Why do men get their great ideas in bed?
a: Because their plugged into a genius! 

q: How do you trace a scatter plot?
a: You give the pencil to Michael J. Fox.

q: Hey do you know Deanda?
a: Deanda dis dick!!! HA! Got EEEM!

q: What did one repost say to another?
a: Well the flag is a big plus! _

q: You hear the one about the Blind Prostitute?
a: You gotta hand it to her 

q: What do you call a hippy's wife?
a: Mississippi.

q: What's a Web Developer's favourite tea?
a: URL #DDD

q: How do you feel if subjected to temperatures of absolute zero?
a: 0K

q: Where can you go to send a soul to heaven?
a: An abortion clinic.

q: Why did little Jimmy cross the road?
a: Because he wanted a good view of the front of a moving Porsche.  RIP lil' Jimmy

q: What does the Saudi Paralympics team consist of?
a: thieves..

q: What brings a Jewish family closer together?
a: The bristles

q: What if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh?
a: But instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! So much lol, that it will make you fall!

q: Why do porn stars hate driving?
a: Because people always pull out infront of them.

q: What's it called when two perfectionists sleep together?
a: Anal sex.

q: What did the county Sheriff say about the black man who was shot 15 times?
a: "Worst case of suicide I've ever seen"

q: How do you know if Helen Keller just masturbated?
a: She spits when she talks.

q: What's a cats favorite color?
a: Puuuuurple. 

q: Why do french tanks have rear-view mirrors?
a: So they can see the front-lines.

q: What two planets should we keep clean?
a: Earth and Uranus.

q: Heard about the Berlin Comedy Club in the 1940s?
a: It was Nazi time for Holocaust jokes.

q: What's the difference between the TSA, prostitutes, and doctors?
a: The TSA and doctors use latex gloves, the TSA and prostitutes require very little training, while prostitutes and doctors make more money per hour than you do all day, yet they all get paid to touch your junk.

q: Why should you serve Eggs Benedict on shiny metal dishes?
a: Because there's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise.

q: GOT NUTS?
a: A woman walks into a grocery store and asks the stock boy if he has any nuts. The guy says, "No, ma'am." She says, "Well, do you have any dates?" He replies, "Ma'am, if I don't have nuts, do you really expect me to have dates?"

q: How does an Australian shave?
a: Rise up lights

q: How do you recognize a rich ethiopian?
a: He only wears Rolex around his waist.

q: What do you call a french guy wearing sandals?
a: Felipe Flop

q: How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag?
a: Take the 'F' out of safe and the 'F' out of way.

q: What is the difference between the regular police and the secret service?
a: The secret service is the only police that gets in trouble if a black person dies.     Shamelessly stolen from the correspondents' dinner.

q: What did MC Hammer say to his wife when she caught him cheating?
a: Can't trust this

q: What happens when you give a cow marijuana?
a: The "steaks" get higher

q: Why did the chicken get into so much trouble?
a: Because of its fowl language.

q: What's the Only Planet That Gives a Crap?
a: Uranus.

q: Why did Star Wars episodes 4, 5, and 6 come before 1, 2, and 3?
a: Because in charge of scheduling, Yoda was.

q: [OC] How does Haskell like his food?
a: Curried.

q: What kind of dogs are full of Chinese scientists?
a: Yellow labs

q: What did the bun say to the hot dog?
a: I relish the fact that you've mustard the will to ketchup to me!

q: How do you stop ISIS?
a: Leave some milk in the sun for a few days.

q: What's black and sits at the top of the stairs ?
a: Stephen Hawking's after a house fire

q: Why don't hipsters like fishing?
a: It's too mainstream.

q: What did the Klondike Bar say to Jesus?
a: What would you do.

q: What's the benefit of having sex with 24 year olds?
a: There's 20 of them.

q: Got Abs bro?
a: Abs olutely.

q: Did you know that Hillary's planning on being the first TG President?
a: Yeah - after she's elected, she has plans to turn into a woman.

q: What is worse than bad grammar?
a: pour grammar

q: How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Three. 1 to screw it in and 2 to talk about how much better Neil Peart could've done it

q: What can conspiracy theorists never explain?
a: They say that 9/11 was an inside job... but planes fly OUTSIDE. Can't explain that

q: Why do so many kids die in high school massacres?
a: Because they aren't allowed to run in the corridors

q: (Serious) What do you think Michael Hastings was working on before he died?
a: slowing down his car. ... ... shoutout to   for this one.

q: What's the hardest part of being a gay black cop?
a: The discrimination.

q: Have you heard the one about the bed?
a: No? That's 'cause it hasn't been made yet.

q: What do you call a guy in a lot of debt?
a: Owen.

q: Why is Quicksilver so fast?
a: Because he's Russian

q: What game do two strangers with Social Anxiety play?
a: Don't Break the Ice

q: How do you spell moron?
a: M O R M O N

q: Why was the ant so confused?
a: All of if its uncles are aunts!

q: How do you start a rave party in Africa without a soundsystem?
a: Glue a sandwich on the ceiling.

q: Did you hear the one about the Virgin marrying the Supermodel?
a: Yeah, me neither..

q: What do you call someone who doesn't like The Simpsons?
a: A Homerphobe! LOL! Just made that up!

q: Would you watch a turkey dance?
a: No, but I'd watch a chicken strip.

q: What is a seal's favorite drink?
a: Club soda

q: Where did the dog find her husband?
a: At the Groomers! 

q: How do you get the political science grad off your lawn?
a: Pay for the pizza

q: What do poor people drink?
a: Pover-tea.

q: Where should you drown a hipster?
a: In the mainstream.

q: How many dead prostitutes we need to change a lightbulb ?
a: Certainly not three, because in my basement is still dark.

q: What do Jews drive?
a: A hard bargain

q: What did the soldering iron say to the capacitor?
a: Go flux yourself!

q: What sound does a gun made from church seating make?
a: Pew Pew.. Sorry. Just became a father 2 years ago. I have some catching up to do. 

q: What's the difference between a turkey sandwich and a ham sandwich?
a: A turkey sandwich doesn't recognize the Armenian genocide

q: Did you hear about the lady who ate her dog?
a: She said it tasted like bark.

q: What do potheads do when they see a fire?
a: Stop, drop, and roll

q: Who would win a fight between an octopus and a shark?
a: The octopus because it is well armed.

q: Why didn't the lesbian go to the bread festival?
a: She already gets two times the normal amount of yeast.

q: Why don't tampons talk to maxi-pads?
a: Because they're stuck-up cunts.

q: Where can you find Scandinavia?
a: Right next to Printdinavia and Copydinavia. 

q: What did the radioactive sample say to the other radioactive sample?
a: IDK. 

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a bass player?
a: The pizza can feed a family of four. 

q: Want to hear a two word joke?
a: Woman's rights.

q: What web page do orphans visit the most?
a: 404 Edit: Sorry it sucks, it's me trying to make oc. 

q: How did the captain describe the newborn puppy?
a: son-of-a-b***h..!!!

q: what's the difference between BMW and a Porky Pine?
a: The porky Pine has the prick on the outside.  

q: What's the first rule for hitting on girls?
a: Hit them where it won't show.

q: What did the Palestinians do to honour Yasser Arafat when he died?
a: They gave him a 21 stone salute!

q: how many straight Vassar men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Both of them.

q: What's the worse thing to do to a blind person?
a: Leave a plunger in the toilet

q: What's a Californians favorite type of comedy?
a: Dry humor

q: What did the escalator say to the elevator?
a: Nothing, he just staired.

q: What game do old black people play?
a: Blingo!

q: Why's the necrophiliac's blow up doll half inflated?
a: So he can pretend she's decomposing.

q: Which Nazi leader likes the Bulls the most?
a: Joseph gobulls!

q: What do you call a pile of kittens?
a: A meowntain :D

q: Why don't White Elephants run?
a: because they Ele-cant....Can somebody explain this to me? (Seriously, I don't get it, is it like Elegant?)

q: How do you get rid of an obese demon?
a: You exercise it.

q: What do you call a fish that's good at trading favors?
a: A squid pro quo.

q: Did you hear the news about the CEO of Ford?
a: He was seen with an escort...

q: "What do you call someone who makes cakes in San Francisco?
a: A BAYYYYker

q: Did you hear the one about the cannibal who passed his nephew in the jungle?
a: ...

q: What would you call the Flintstones if they were black?
a: Niggers!

q: Why were the coffee beans upset?
a: Because they were grounded.... Or black I am not sure.

q: What do you call patriotic pubes?
a: A Merkin.

q: How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Well apparently not eight cause my basement is still dark.

q: What's with all of these racist jokes on reddit?
a: They're starting to get quite dark

q: Why did the researchers stopped their research on embryos?
a: Because the subject is still to immature.

q: If you're an American outside the bathroom what are you inside the bathroom?
a: European.

q: How do you confuse a Jew?
a: Tell him pork is on sale!!!

q: What did Professor X said when Cyclops whipped out his penis?
a: "Keep it in your Jeans"

q: What kind of car does depressed Daniel drive?
a: Sad Dan 

q: What do ya call it when a lizard goes completely limp?
a: A reptile-dysfunction.

q: What's the deal with airplane peanuts?
a: I mean, seriously, are they seeing anyone?

q: Can you believe they got back together after all that shit?
a: MY BUTT CHEEKS!!!

q: How do you combat espionage?
a: Umbreonage

q: What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend?
a: Frisbae

q: How does one even?
a: It simply doesn't, because it's odd.

q: What should you do when push comes to shove?
a: Learn to read.  The door says "pull".

q: What do you call a dancing cow?
a: A milkshake

q: If you had nuts on your truck would they be truck nuts?
a: hell naw bitch you'd have a truck in the south

q: What did Dr. Evil say when he fell in the rancor pit?
a: Throw me a frickin bone here. 

q: Why do ducks try to avoid eating out?
a: They're always stuck with a bill.

q: Hey, want to hear a rape joke? No?
a: Too bad.

q: Why did the little Dutch boy have to register as a sex offender?
a: He kept on sticking his finger in a tyke.

q: What was Rob Bartlett's go-to line in his WackyPaki comedian routine?
a: Take my wife, if you would be so kind.

q: TBT - What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a screwdriver?
a: One turns in screws, one screws interns. 

q: Did you hear about the new gay sitcom?
a: " Leave it, it's Beaver."

q: Did you hear about the lunatic who tried swimming in the river in Paris?
a: He was in seine

q: Why did the elephant take off his socks at the golf course?
a: He got a hole in one.

q: What do you call a tree that lost its family in a forrest fire?
a: Mourning wood

q: What's a joke?
a: ;)

q: What do you call pickled bread?
a: Dildo

q: What do you get when you cross a lion with a stone?
a: Killed.

q: Where did Mary go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere.

q: Why was the jacket stinky?
a: Because it was a windbreaker.

q: What do you call a lizard who can't easily have sex?
a: A reptile dysfunction

q: What did the fish say when it hit a wall?
a: Dam.

q: What's the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea?
a: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a Lentil on my face.

q: What do you call an existential lycanthrope?
a: A whywolf.

q: What did Zelda tell Link when he couldn't unlock the door?
a: Triforce

q: Why is Sigma good at sharing?
a: Because he only ever takes sum of the numbers!

q: Do you have small pox?
a: Because your face looks kind apache!

q: What is a UPS worker's favorite cloud service?
a: Dropbox.

q: do you know how many Viet Nam vets it takes to change a light bulb?
a: NO...YOU DON'T KNOW...YOU WEREN'T THERE

q: Why did the coach prohibit the blonde from giving any bj's to the team?
a: The guys complained about the blow-dryer being too hot ...

q: What did the robot say to the centipede?
a: "Stop being a centipede." Get it, because the robot has no arms! Hahhahaha, gets me everytime. 

q: Do you know why the feminist went to church?
a: She heard there was a man crucified.

q: What's the best vegetable to bring to a party?
a: Stephen Hawking

q: How is a women and peanut butter the same?
a: It takes a lot of coaxing to get them to spread when they're cold

q: What do you call a jewish eskimo?
a: A kike!

q: Why didn't Mario put more toppings on his pizza?
a: Because there wasn't mushroom on it.

q: Can you find the the mistake...?
a: Can you find the the mistake 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20?

q: What is the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: What do you do if your daughter starts smoking?
a: Slow down and use lube.

q: What do you get the girl who has everything?
a: Penicillin.

q: What did the older terrorist say to the younger terrorist before he headed out for a party?
a: Go on, have a blast.

q: Out of 10 puns chosen at random, how many actually made people laugh?
a: No pun in ten did.

q: Why did got object to the wedding between the catholic man and the catholic woman?
a: He doesn't approve of same sect marriage

q: What's your favorite kind of Bee?
a: Mine is the Boo-Bee...

q: Did you know I can raise the dead?
a: I just give them Viagra at the funeral.

q: What does Tony Romo and a porn star have in common?
a: They both know how to choke.

q: What's the difference between America and cereal?
a: You can get cereal without nuts.

q: Is this the Krusty Krab?
a: No, this is Patrick.

q: What did the pirate say after he turned 80?
a: Aye Matey!

q: How do you make the letter "H" healthy?
a: You spin it. It becomes spin-h. juh-jen

q: Did I tell you that my girlfriend has the flu?
a: Yeah, basically.

q: why do girls or guys who look 8/10 go hunched?
a: Because they are quasi-models... thought of this a second ago. myabe that is why it's not very good :P.

q: How does a train sneeze?
a: A-Choo-Choo, Motherfucker!!

q: What the difference between a pancake?
a: It tastes better with jam.

q: What's the definition of "Trust"?
a: Two cannibals giving each other head

q: What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
a: A flat minor.

q: Why Couldn't the Billionaire Fit through the circular door?
a: He was too eccentric.

q: Why are they called dive bars?
a: Because they have pool

q: Nan, what is death?
a: Nan? NAN? ..

q: What did one Mexican say to the other Mexican?
a: It's four-twenty Juan!

q: Did you hear about the predator in the bushes?
a: So, I was in the bushes...

q: cop: did you kill this man?
a: Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Me: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."

q: Why do people like listening to sex noises?
a: Because of the hormones

q: What do you call a wrecked Irishman?
a: A mashed potato.

q: What does glass taste like?
a: Blood.

q: Why are there no gay men in the army reserves?
a: All of the fruits are diploid

q: You heard the rumor going around about butter?
a: Never mind, I shouldn't spread it...

q: What happens when you put the Energizer bunny's batteries in backwards?
a: It keeps coming, and coming, and coming...

q: Are you going to the BBQ?
a: The one where I out my meat on your grill!

q: What do people call Mozart and Beethoven after they died?
a: Decomposers

q: What did the zombie say at the urinal?
a: I'm reliving myself.

q: How do you get a goldfish's attention?
a: A U!  Fish!

q: What does an elephant use for a vibrator?
a: An epileptic.  

q: How many black people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Idk, its too dark to tell them apart. 

q: What do you get when a physics teacher own you ?
a: You get ohm ed!!!

q: What do you call it when a redhead goes nuts?
a: A ginger snap.

q: Are you a tennis racquet salesman?
a: Because you know how to give really good Head   (   )

q: Wanna hear a joke about blimps?
a: It'll never fly. 

q: How can you tell the difference between normal and self-raising flour?
a: One has parents

q: Why couldn't the children see their father after his sex change?
a: Because he was trans-parent

q: How can a black woman tell if she is pregnant?
a: When she goes to pull out her tampon and all the cotton's been picked.

q: Yesterday I told someone that I don't like babies?
a: "Have you tried them with ketchup instead of mayonnaise?", they asked.

q: Why do some loudspeakers have holes?
a: For the pleasure of the audiophiles.  

q: How many engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two. One to screw in the bulb and another to talk about how complicated it was.

q: Why did the terrorist blow up the playground?
a: He was a suislide bomber! 

q: Did you hear that Tropicana funded the Nazi campaign?
a: They made Jews from concentrate.

q: Why can't Jesus roller skate?
a: Because he is nailed to a fucking cross!!!

q: What would happen if the Illuminati and Half-Life 3 agreed with each other?
a: Illuminati and Half-Life 3 conformed.

q: How do you tell the difference between a male chromosome and a female chromosome?
a: You pull down their genes!

q: How do you bring a joke to the front page?
a: [deleted]

q: What state has the best small sized soft drink?
a: Minisoda 

q: How do you piss off a redditor?
a: This GOD-DAMN joke has been reposted SO many times, and its not even clever in the first place!!! Im super serial guys, knock it off.

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a ferrari?
a: The porcupine has pricks on the outside.

q: Did you hear about the pessimistic man who was missing a chromosome?
a: He was a real downer.

q: What's the one thing that will kill you if you kill it?
a: Time

q: Why was Hitler born on 4/20?
a: His mom wanted him to blaze it

q: What is the difference between a baby and a stamp?
a: I don't have a stamp collection.

q: Why did Luke Skywalker bluff in a game of poker?
a: He heard Obi-Wan in his head saying  Out, I shall let myself.

q: Did you guys see that post about ISIS and Taliban announcing jihad against each other?
a: It really blew up 

q: What was Hitler's favorite class in high school?
a: Chemistry because he always had the final solution

q: Today is Hitlers birthday. How about a hitler joke?
a: Why did Hitler give the jews a shower? - They were Au-schvitzing.

q: What does a mermaid stoner smoke?
a: Seaweed.

q: What do you need to make a crystal salad?
a: Onions, tomatoes, and a whole bunch of lattice

q: What's a Mexican's favourite letter?
a: C. LOL! I heard this at work today, top fucking bantz!

q: What comes after Egypt?
a: Fgypt

q: What did one turtle say to the other eel?
a: hahaha hahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

q: What's Chris Browns favorite sport?
a: Sockher!

q: What is the weather report for Hitler's birthday?
a: Cloudy with a chance of heil.

q: What makes a Mexican saddest about the rise of ebooks?
a: The closing of the Borders.

q: Did you here about the scientist who got cooled to absolute zero?
a: He's 0K now.

q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
a: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.

q: What's the difference between a white orgy and a black orgy?
a: Five black people having sex is only considered a threesome. 

q: How do dog catchers get paid?
a: By the Pound!

q: What's the difference between a politician and a comedian?
a: People care when a comedian speaks.

q: What cuts four farts in the morning, two farts at midday, and three farts in the evening?
a: A sphinxter.

q: What do you call the feeling of being unable to urinate beside a friend?
a: PEEr pressure!

q: What is Whitney houstons favorite type of coordination?
a: HAAAANNNNNND EEEEYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEE

q: What's the difference between a joke and your friend's blog?
a: You enjoy it when a joke is posted on Facebook

q: What is the Puerto Rican national anthem?
a: Row row row your boat

q: What do u call an ethopian with a feather up his ass?
a: A dart

q: What did the melon say to the banana when it proposed?
a: Yes! But we cantaloupe.

q: What do u call an ethopian with a slice of cheese on his head?
a: A quarter pounder with cheese.

q: Why doesn't Dwayne Johnson's downstairs neighbor understand references to current events?
a: He's been living under The Rock.

q: What do you call a comatose Pope?
a: esteemed vegetable.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic who tried to commit suicide?
a: He jumped behind an oncoming train.

q: What do necrophiliacs get at funerals?
a: Mourning wood.

q: How do you keep someone curious?
a: I'll tell you on my next post

q: What could Boston Marathon Bombers do that Hitler couldn't?
a: End a race.

q: What do you get when if you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic and an agnostic?
a: A person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: You heard about the first woman to ever die of a marijuana overdose?
a: She was giving Snoop Dogg a rim job and he farted.

q: What smells better raw meat or a baby?
a: Depends on how cooked the baby is.

q: Why is salsa dancing so popular?
a: Guacamole dancing is an extra $1.80.

q: What's the difference between an old bus stop and a lobster with large breasts?
a: One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean Credit; Dad

q: Where do you find the hottest Jews?
a: in the ovens

q: What did Russians used to light their houses with before candles?
a: Electricity.

q: What are Mozart and Beethoven up to these days?
a: They're both Decomposing

q: Why did all the sea monsters refer to the kraken as a whore when he died?
a: Because he died choking on a bunch of seamen. 

q: How do you make five pounds of fat look good?
a: Put a nipple on it!

q: Why is Italy shaped like a boot?
a: Cuz there's no way that amount of shit can fit into a normal shoe

q: Why did the Lebo die?
a: Cause he was fullllly sik m8.

q: April Showers bring May Flowers. What do May Flowers bring?
a: Genocide. 

q: What does Han Solo see looking into the mirror?
a: Han Double

q: Where do beers go to pick up girls?
a: Ho Gardens

q: What is an Iraqi children on a playground doing?
a: He's distracting the sniper.  Didn't want to offend.

q: What did the man say when he realized the boy who asked him out was an orphan?
a: No home oh

q: What's a procrastinator's favorite punchline?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow

q: Did you hear about the boy born with no eyelids?
a: Doctors decided to make some for him out of his foreskin. They say that the boy is doing fine now, but he's a little cock-eyed.

q: What do you call an antelope that's really bad at being an antelope?
a: A cantelope.

q: What did the druggie scientist say when he got high on Helium?
a: He He

q: What is the issue with Dr. Dre's releases?
a: Chronic delays.

q: what do you call a gay dyslexic?
a: a dyxlixic

q: What kind of vehicle swerved to miss a talking lizard in the road?
a: Dodged-a-Rango

q: How come Barbie never got pregnant?
a: Because Ken always came in another box.

q: Why can't you talk to spiders who get shut in pianos?
a: They'll B flat

q: Why did the gay man sue the mental hospital?
a: They held him in a straightjacket.

q: Q: What happens when a professor teaches for a decade?
a: A: He gets Tenyear.

q: What did all of the birds do to the bird that couldn't fly?
a: They ostrich-sized him

q: What do you call a Roman transvestite?
a: Ben-Her.

q: What do you call a deer missing an eye?
a: No-eye deer.

q: ELI5: what is it like being 6?
a: I'm only 5 and I'm about to turn 6.

q: What does puritan Mario do with witches?
a: BurnEm....BurnEmBurnEmBurnEm.

q: What's Whitney Houston's favourite coordination?
a: Handiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

q: How do you get an elephant into a Safeway bag?
a: You take the f out of "safe" and the f out of "way".

q: How do you stay hidden in the Desert?
a: Camal-Flage

q: A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks "why the long face"?
a: The horse, incapable of understanding the human language promptly shits on the floor and leaves

q: What do you call a group of pirates having sex?
a: An  -gy...

q: Why don't Muslims eat pork?
a: They don't support cannibalism.

q: How many cops does it take to push a black man down a flight of stairs?
a: None. He "fell".

q: Why do clouds make good Kings?
a: Because they have rain over every country in the world.

q: How do you make a man like 10 pounds of fat?
a: Stick a nipple on it. 

q: What was Hitler's amplifier called?
a: Mein Ampf

q: Why do french tanks have rear mirrors?
a: So they can also see the front lines.

q: What did the pickle say to the cucumber?
a: Come on in the water's brine!

q: Why are there no black characters in clue?
a: Becuase if there were it would be called solved

q: Why can't a bicycle stand on its own?
a: Because its two tired.

q: What does a woman and KFC have in common?
a: By the time youre finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.

q: Wife: If im lost, then what you do?
a: Wife: If im lost, then what you do? Husband: ill advertise in newspaper about you, Wife: what will you write there about me ? Husband: who find my wife please leave far away from your destination. On the other side Mother-in-law sitting there and says that my daughter will come back gain, You Should write that who find me Wife, she will be your in form of reward.

q: What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car?
a: Get in the car

q: Wanna hear a medically incorrect racist joke?
a: Glaucoma is short for driving like Asians syndrome  

q: What did Tupac say when his best friend died?
a: No Biggie.

q: What is the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
a: A rooster says "cock-a-doodle-do", and a prostitute says "any-cock-will-do."

q: Did you hear about the beef jerky manufacturer who was convicted of fraud?
a: It was a cut and dry case.

q: Want to hear a sex joke?
a: On second thought, you wouldn't get it. It's an insider joke.

q: How do you make an idiot easily wait ?
a: I tell you tomorrow.

q: What do you get if you cross an alligator with Sherlock Holmes ?
a: An Investigator.

q: Why is a Camel called the ship of the ship of the desert?
a: It's full of Arab Seamen.

q: Why dogs sniff each others assholes?
a: Long ago in the late 1800s there was a massive international dog convention and every dog in the world was invited to discuss all things dog. However the only stipulation was that they leave their asshole at the door. During the convention a strong gale rolled in and all the assholes were blown away to parts unknown. So it became the single priority for every dog to tirelessly search for their own asshole.

q: What did the fucking zombie say?
a: Crack whores.

q: How do you get out of tipping on a $100 order?
a: Order to go.  Seriously, fuck you if you do this. 

q: What man knows the way to a girl's heart more than any other?
a: A surgeon.

q: What do you call a gay Russian?
a: erosexual

q: How do we know Julius Caesar wasn't gay?
a: Because you have to be straight to be a good ruler

q: What do you say to an unemployed Rastafarian?
a: Jah bless

q: what's the most common allergy among gay men?
a: Heeeeeeyyyy fever. 

q: Whats the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
a: Oral sex makes your day. Anal sex makes your hole weak.

q: What do a clitoris,an anniversary and a toilet have in common???
a: Men usually miss all three. 

q: What is the last thing on a Mosquito's mind when it hits a car windshield?
a: It's Asshole.

q: Two men in a bar?
a: Man 1: Do you think you could start your own betting company? Man 2: No, but I bet Fred could.

q: How do you hit on a Jewish girl?
a: Tell her that she israeli hot!

q: Whats the #1 crime associated with cell phones?
a: Battery

q: Did you haer about the dyslexic insomniac atheist?
a: He would spend all night long awake thinking about whether or not there was a dog.

q: What do you call a blonde standing on her head?
a: A brunette with bad breath

q: What do you call a black guy that goes into space?
a: An Afronaut

q: What can you use to fill your butt crack?
a: Ass-fault

q: What does a dyslexic zombie eat?
a: Brians.

q: What did the Elevator say to the Escalator?
a: Well that escalated quickly.

q: Another TSA groping scandal?
a: Where will they transfer those Catholic priests next?

q: Why do Canadians wear tuques?
a: Because condoms are too brittle at minus 20.

q: Where do hipsters drown?
a: the mainstream.

q: How do you spell Canda?
a: C,eh,N,eh,D,eh

q: What is it called when you dream in color?
a: A chromatose

q: What's the difference between a racist and a liberal?
a: Gullibility 

q: What's the best thing about having sex with an 8 year old girl?
a: When you're done, you can flip her over and pretend you're having sex with an 8 year old boy...

q: Why are police officers great musicians?
a: Because they're always... ...

q: Did you know they now sell 30 tog blankets?
a: Duvet?

q: What do you call a boy with no arms and an eye patch?
a: Names! -Bo Burnham

q: What does Nixon's Head use to thicken up touffe?
a: A roooooooux!

q: Did you hear they invented a new logical fallacy, the "ad homonym" attack?
a: ... It's not what it sounds like.

q: How does a Nazi high five?
a: Up heil, down low!

q: What do you call a giant squid who runs a tow service in Indonesia?
a: A Kraken-towa!

q: What kind of work out do parrots have on leg day?
a: SQUAAATS! ...Polly want a cracker. 

q: Q. Did you hear about the blind man who went bungee jumping?
a: A. He loved it, but it scared the hell out of his seeing eye dog.

q: What was the Christian plastic surgeons specialty?
a: Faith lifts 

q: If a honey bee makes honey, what kind of bee makes milk?
a: A boobie!

q: Why is yellow afraid of red?
a: Because red blue green. 

q: What is an electrician's favorite vehicle?
a: A Voltswagen

q: what do you call a feminist who loves to swallow?
a: a semenist

q: What do you call a guy who's into beastiality?
a: Someone who really gets his head into the game.

q: What is the difference between a drinking establishment and an elephant's fart?
a: One is a bar-room and the other is a BAROOOM!

q: Did you hear the inventor of cough lollies died last week?
a: There'll be no coughin' at his funeral

q: Why did Yellow divorce Red?
a: Because Red Blue Green

q: How many trolls does it take to change a light bulb?
a: <deleted>

q: What do you call someone who knows a lot about sea life?
a: An Afishionado You're welcome!

q: what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
a: a gang rape

q: What did the rapper ask the pet sitter when he got back from vacation?
a: Where my dogs at?

q: What do you get when you cross a black and a mexican?
a: Someone who's too lazy to steal.

q: What's the difference between a cockerel and a prostitute?
a: A cockerel says cock-a-doodle-do. Whereas a prostitute says any-cock-will-do.

q: What do you call someone who constantly talks shit to horses?
a: A neighsayer

q: Have you ever tried real Ethiopian food?
a: Because they haven't

q: Which dinosaur walks with a limp?
a: a Myfeetasaur

q: Did you hear about the dog who went to the flea circus?
a: He stole the show.

q: WHY DID THE KOALA FALL OUT OF THE TREE?
a: Because it was dead.

q: Yo girl, is your name Aaron Hernandez?
a: Because on a scale of 1-10, you're a 25 to life

q: What do you call a row of rabbits walking backwards?
a: A receding hare-line!

q: What is the difference between a 2 year old and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.

q: Why was 'EE' acting so funny?
a: He needed to 'P'

q: Why do lawyers like women with large tits and tight pussies?
a: Because they have big mouths and little dicks.

q: What do you call a handjob from a rocket scientist?
a: A stroke of genius.

q: How often do women become completely unreasonable?
a: Periodically.

q: What will the first female Mexican head of state be called?
a: The Precedent.

q: What type of belly buttons do cars have?
a: Audi's.

q: How do you make a pool table laugh?
a: Jiggle its balls

q: What did one German baker say to the other?
a: Glutentag!

q: What's the inverse of Kansas?
a: Arkansas

q: Have you seen bofa lately?
a: Bofa deez nutz

q: Why don't you starve in the desert?
a: Because of the sand which is there.

q: Did you guys know that my son is a really big star?
a: Yup, he's 1.989 x 10  kilos and has a diameter of 1.4 million kilometers. 

q: What's the difference between a Grayhound station and a lobster who got a boob job?
a: Ones a crusty ass bus station, the other is a busty ass crustacean.

q: What did Captain Cook say to his men just before they got back in the ship?
a: "Get back in the ship, men!" 

q: Why did the USSR have so many lower case letters?
a: Because they aren't capitalist

q: Why do you never see people with disabilities in North Korea?
a: You have been banned from  .

q: Why did Poland lose to Germany so quickly in WW2?
a: They had to many resources dedicated to screwing in light bulbs. -credit goes to Joe, he will beat me up otherwise

q: How do you castrate a guy from Kentucky?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: What's the diff between a rich man and a poor man?
a: Rich man has a canopy over the bed, and a poor man has a can o' pee under the bed 

q: Foreigner?
a: There were only three of us!

q: Why was there a whale in Wales in a well?
a: We're not sure, its a deep subject....

q: What do you call an extremely flamboyant loaf of bread?
a: A faggette

q: Whats the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
a: A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.

q: Why is North Korea disliked by South Korea?
a: It's because they are a Seoulless nation.

q: Did you hear about the time when King Arthur slept with another woman?
a: It was a one knight stand.

q: What game do Africans play everyday?
a: THE HUNGER GAMES (I'M GOING TO HELL)

q: Why did the cannibal get banned from the hospital?
a: He kept trying the doctors patients(patience)

q: Why are me and my friends so nosey?
a: Because we're pry mates.

q: Why are gay people always confused?
a: It's because they are not thinking straight.

q: What do you call an unfinished Tennis match?
a: Wimble-not-don :D

q: How many tickles does it take to make a japanese girl laugh?
a: Ten Tickles

q: What do you call a dog with no hind legs and stainless steel testicles?
a: Sparky.

q: What brand of butter do frogs eat?
a: Country Croak. 

q: What do you get when you cross a foot with cookware?
a: Potato!

q: Why couldn't the NSA whistleblower leave Russia?
a: He was snowed in.

q: Did you hear about the guy who designed the monorail?
a: He had a one track mind.

q: How do you get an elephant into a Safeway shopping cart?
a: Take the "S" out of safe and the "F" out of way!

q: What did the homophobic dad say when he heard his gay son was in a coma?
a: At least he's a vegetable now instead of a fruit.

q: What does a stoner do to work out?
a: Kush ups

q: Why don't plumbers ride bikes?
a: Because they'd get arrested for peddling crack

q: How much blow can Charlie Sheen do?
a: Enough to kill Two and a half Men

q: How tall do you have to be to ride a Kanye West rollercoaster?
a: About Ye big.

q: What does the Pillsbury Doughboy see when he looks down?
a: His Doughnuts. 

q: What did the Buddhist say when asked if he'd like to move from Tibet to North Korea?
a: Nah. I'ma stay.

q: How many Vietnam War Veterans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: You don't know man, you weren't there!

q: Why is a redneck wedding and a tornado alike?
a: Because either way someone is losing a trailer.

q: What do you call Harrison Ford making a Venn diagram?
a: Comparrison Ford!

q: What did the farmer say when he tried to milk the cow, but nothing came out?
a: "Time to try the udder one."

q: How do you know if someone owns an Apple Watch?
a: Don't worry, they will tell you.

q: Why did the police officer shoot himself in the face?
a: He had a black eye.

q: How do you know Bono is selfish?
a: He does a lot of Pro-Bono work.      

q: What did the douchebag say to the chemist when he dropped his beaker?
a: U mad scientist?

q: How do you get gum out of hair?
a: cancer -I'm sorry-

q: How many shrinks does it take to change a tire?
a: Well, first the tire really has to want to change...

q: Why is Vladimir Putin always Russian?
a: Because he's never Finnish.

q: What did the crop say to the Farmer?
a: Why are you picking on me?

q: Did you know women are fantastic at exactly 70 things?
a: 69ers, and making sandwiches.

q: Who is Hitlers least favourate character in star wars?
a: Jewbacca

q: How much energy does hova's DeLorean require?
a: 1.21 jigga watts

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rabbit?
a: A dead rabbit with a big hole.

q: What do the Greeks sing while at sea?
a:    your boat, gently down the stream...

q: Who was the funniest Communist?
a: Roflmao

q: What did Courtney Love say before shooting Kurt Cobain?
a: Hole is going to be huge!

q: What would the US form of government be if the founding fathers had been atheist?
a: Fedoral republic.

q: What kind of candy is Hitler?
a: A Jew-breaker!

q: Did you hear about the mechanic who accidentally punctured the wheels of his car?
a: He retired.

q: What do you get if you play a C&W song backwards?
a: Your wife back, your house back, your car back, and your dog back.

q: What's a snake's favorite subject?
a: Hissstory

q: Why is there such a big war in the Middle East?
a: Because they're having difficulties finding out where the ISIS (created by my 10 year old 5 minutes ago)

q: Why are the news media like a prostitute?
a: Because they are good at making stuff up.

q: What is the difference between a Ford car and a porcupine?
a: Porcupines have pricks on the outside. 

q: What's Paul Walker's favorite energy drink???
a: N.O.S. too bad he can't handle the crash...

q: Did you guys hear about the girl that had three vaginas?
a: She kept getting fucked left, right and centre.

q: What's Scrooge's favourite food?
a: A humbug'er.

q: A guy pissed off 7 bears and is getting chased! How do you describe the bears?
a: Fast and Furious 7

q: Why don't plumbers like to work on instant hot water heaters?
a: It's a tankless job!

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping in school?
a: He just woke up!

q: What is the only thing on earth that goes "ha ha" on a Monday?
a: A bit late, but.... A blonde who heard a joke on Friday.

q: What does Hilter get when he's scared?
a: The hebrewgeebies

q: What do you call Brienne's Dad?
a: Tarth Vader.

q: Why Didn't* the Chicken Cross the Road?
a: Because he was too chicken! Sorry.

q: Why are lemons yellow?
a: They don't know it either - that's why they are so sour

q: How do you tell the difference between a Chemist and a Plumber?
a: Ask them to pronounce unionized.

q: Where does a mathematician go when he gets hurt?
a: L'Hospital.

q: What did the Romans say to each other after crucifying Jesus?
a: "Nailed it!"

q: How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one, she will screw anything but it will cost you a hundred or so.

q: Why did the calculator pay $100 for a pack of cigarettes?
a: There was a sin tax error. [8.5]

q: What kind of medicine do Ants use when they have eye problems?
a: Ant-Eye Biotics (Dad joke, I know)

q: What's the difference between a blowjob and a burger?
a: Oh, you don't know? We should do lunch sometime.

q: What Super Models should you invite to your birthday party ?
a: What Super Models should you invite to your birthday party ? Cake Moss and Naomi Candles

q: How did the hipster got his tongue burnt?
a: He drank his coffee before it was cool.

q: What do you call a herd of masturbating cows?
a: Beef stroganoff 

q: What car is so cheap that anyone could purchase it?
a: A Ford.

q: Whats Paul Walker's favorite TV show?
a: The Walking Dead. 

q: Hey! Wanna hear my Ebola joke?
a: Nah, nevermind. You won't get it.

q: What is the difference between a divorce and a hurricane in the south?
a: Nothing, someone is losing a trailer!

q: Whet is the difference betwen scouts and jews?
a: Scouts come back from their camp.

q: What do you call a person who keeps falling over?
a: Tripical

q: How do you catch a unique animal?
a: Unique up on him.

q: Why do we call dogs, K-9?
a: ...because K-10 is for cats.

q: How is parsley and pubic hair alike?
a: You just brush them off to the side and keep eating

q: Where do people go for pasta related crimes?
a: A PENNEtentiary!

q: Why does a middle eastern person not give a blowjob to an American?
a: Why does a middle eastern person not give a blowjob to an American? Because he hates Bush. ahahahah Get it George Bush ...... Ill see myself out.....

q: What do you call a midget with Down's Syndrome who arrives to class late?
a: A little tardy.

q: Who is more enthusiastic about performing oral sex, fat men or skinny men?
a: Fat men,  they'll eat anything. 

q: What's the first step to making your favorite Jewish dish?
a: Preheat the oven

q: Why was Sean Connery accused of piracy while drinking tea?
a: He took a ship.

q: How do you confuse a blonde?
a: Paint yourself green and throw forks at them. 

q: What does a pizza delivery boy and a gynecologist have in common?
a: they can smell it, but they can't eat it.

q: Why is it a bad idea to snort cocaine out of someone's butthole?
a: It's been tainted

q: What do you call the angel in charge of hydroelectrics?
a: A God dam engineer.

q: What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say?
a: This one really sucks.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who?
a: To whom! 

q: Why should you never go down on a girl the morning after a night of sex?
a: ..ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: What do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk?
a: A milk dud. 

q: What do you call a marine animal who under-performs at the vegetable academy?
a: A C-cucumber.

q: Why does Peter Pan always fly?
a: He Neverlands. I really love this joke because it never grows old! 

q: What do you call a black man flying plane?
a: A pilot you racist. 

q: Why do Africans get scared when they get diarrhea?
a: Because they think they are melting....

q: Why does the Vanu Sovereignty hate plastic bags?
a: They keep Terran.

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a leak?
a: Because their entire species is extinct.

q: How do you spell "laughing out loud" by using binary?
a: 1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1

q: How many people work in the Lada factory?
a: Two.  One to cut and one to glue 

q: How do you get honey from a graveyard?
a: From a zombee!                                          I'll see myself out

q: Why didn't the bird cross the road?
a: It chickened out.

q: What do you call a hapoy frog?
a: Hoppy 

q: How do you prove that your dog loves you more than your wife?
a: Lock them both in the trunk of the car for an hour, then open it up and see which one of them is happier to see you.

q: Why do pills bottles have cotton in them?
a: So they can remind black people the picked cotton before they sold drugs.

q: What do you call alternative medicine that works?
a: Medicine. 

q: How do you find Ronald McDonald in a room full of naked clowns?
a: The Sesame Seeds on his buns. (According to my father this is the first joke I ever told, around 5yo.)

q: What do you call an elephant in a phone booth?
a: Stuck

q: What do firemen and Eastern European prostitutes have in common?
a: They both go down on poles.

q: Why did the pimp cross the lawn?
a: To get to the hoes.

q: What did the lonely clock say to the other?
a: I hope you have the time tic come toc to me

q: What do Stephan Harper and pennies have in common?
a: They're both useless in Canada.

q: Why does a German always have the last laugh?
a: He has to wait for the verb.

q: Who translated "The Flat-Chested Woman" from the original Russian?
a: Vasily Bithertitoff

q: Girl: Why should I shave my downstairs?
a: Guy: Because I don't like hair in my food.

q: What do you call Asian quadruplets?
a: 4chan

q: Why are shoes always tied in the ghetto?
a: Because if not, you always be trippin nigga.

q: Did you hear about the zoo with only one dog?
a: It was a shit zoo

q: Why is Al Gore bad at dancing?
a: You can't put passion into an Al Gore Rhythm (algorithm). Anyone? Anyone?

q: Guys, how can you tell the girl your having sex with is faking an orgasm?
a: Who cares.

q: Why did they name themselves AC/DC?
a: Because that's the chord progression in all their songs.

q: How do you lose 30 pounds in 1 Minute?
a: Go to England and buy something

q: What has 5 eyes?
a: invisibility

q: How do you call 8 Hobbits?
a: A Hobbyte

q: What do you call a promiscuous egg?
a: Humped-me Dumped-me

q: What do you call a school that teaches you how to draw hairy butts?
a: Colon-hairy Arts School!

q: What started feminism?
a: An unlocked kitchen door.

q: If 50 cent went broke what would he still have?
a: lotta bills..

q: Q: How old is Tyrion Lannister?
a: A: Peter Dinkl-age

q: Where did Mary go when the bombs went off?
a: Everywhere.

q: What did Diane Feinstein say when her water broke?
a: "Quick we need to get to the abortion clinic before it's too late!

q: Why did god give women two sets of lips?
a: So they can piss and moan at the same time.

q: What did Pongo say to Goofy at the Annual Disney Dog Conference?
a: I've got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.

q: Why would Adrian Peterson be a great baseball player?
a: Because he's a switch hitter

q: Why was the lion a terrible cannibal?
a: He couldn't swallow his pride.  

q: What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food?
a: Omelette you finish.

q: Why is Wendy never pregnant?
a: Because Peter's sperm Neverlands.

q: Oh, you were sexually harassed in the workplace?
a: Sounds like a personnel problem.

q: What did the carpenter say to the girl he loved?
a: Oh sweetheart, you are the eye of my maple....

q: Someone shit in your fridge?
a: Well get a new family

q: What did the car say when it's front wheels were stolen?
a: I don't want to go anywhere. I'm two tired.

q: What is the scariest thing about a white man in jail?
a: ...you know he did it.

q: Palpatine what was your involvement in 9/11?
a: Flew it.

q: What do you get when you cross Michael Jackson with the Karate Kid?
a: Jacks on Jacks off

q: Ever heard of the movie "Constipation"?
a: Nope. That's because it hasn't come out yet.

q: Did you hear about the sailor who had something in his back yard?
a: He took me out to sea

q: How do they separate the men from the boys in Athens?
a: With a crowbar.

q: What's the pink panther's to do list?
a: *To do *To do *To do to do to do to do to doooooo

q: How did Jesus walk on water?
a: Well to perform such an amazing feat, he first needed amazing feet. Insert your hate below.

q: What's the difference between Ray Charles and Ray Rice?
a: Ray Charles wasn't a one-hit wonder.

q: Why Are Mexican & Black Jokes Overdone?
a: Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal!...I'm sorry, you can hate me if you wish. ;(

q: What's the most awkward U.S state?
a: O....Hi!.....o.....

q: What did Will Smith say to Carleton when he asked if he was ready to leave their yoga class?
a: Nah I'ma stay. 

q: Why did the hipster where a toque in the summer?
a: So he could say he wore it before it was cool.

q: What do you call an Arab flying a plane?
a: A pilot you racist 

q: How are college students like plants?
a: They both need natural light to survive!

q: When is a woman too fat to fuck?
a: When you pull her panties to her knees and there's still pussy in them.

q: Why did the hipster cross the Brooklyn bridge?
a: To get home.

q: Why do Seagulls live by the Sea?
a: If they didn't, they'd be Bagulls!

q: Which Greek Philosopher was the easiest to manipulate?
a: Play-Doh

q: What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination?
a: Hand EYEEEEEIIIEEE.....

q: What did the scientist say when a stranger came inside his lab?
a: What the fuck dude get the hell away from my dog!

q: How would you describe a joke about bones?
a: Humerus.97

q: What does a physicist text when he's mad and being short with someone?
a: Potassium.  

q: Why did C++ look down at C?
a: It thought C lacked class. i'll see myself out

q: What did the Egyptian Pharaoh do when he got caught in traffic?
a: ANKH ANKH!!

q: What do you call a one-eyed deer?
a: I have no eye deer...

q: What's the best angle to tackle a problem?
a: The try-angle

q: Why did the Carpenters wife leave him?
a: Because he was screwing around.

q: What do a totalitarian mallard and a potato in an air vent have in common?
a: They're both duct-taters (sorry)

q: Where do black Jewish people go ?
a: The back of the furnace.

q: What has 72 teeth and can hold back the Incredible Hulk?
a: My zipper.

q: Why wasn't Cinderella good at sports?
a: Because her coach was a pumpkin

q: What did the brick say to the rock?
a: Nothing, it's just a brick, what's wrong with you.

q: How many controlled oposition does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None you know of. Since they signed a Non Disclosure Agreement to not talk about it.

q: What do you call an angry pastry?
a: A croissant

q: What did the fish say when he hit concrete?
a: Dam(n).

q: Why don't black people like tylenol?
a: Because its white and it works.

q: What did the little Chinese boy get for Christmas?
a: Rice.

q: What language does a patio speak?
a: Porch-uguese 

q: What are your thoughts on monorails?
a: They make decent one-liners.

q: Why did the Korean restaurant have a lesbian appreciation day?
a: Because they know they love to eat pussy!

q: What mental disorder did the serial killer who stabbed his victim 23 times have?
a: OCD.

q: Why did the eskimo spend 3 hours arguing with the return counter?
a: Because the warranty is void if the seal is broken. 

q: Have you ever heard Yoko Ono sing?
a: Lennon really dodged a bullet with that one.

q: Why are Asian students so smart?
a: Because they keep trying to take Engrish classes but end up in Engineering.

q: Did you hear Richie Benaud died today?
a: It happened this morning at twooo:twentytoooo

q: IS YOUR REFRIGERATOR RUNNING?
a: If you answered no, you need to have that repaired as soon as possible. Many of your perishables that depend on the cold to stay fresh may expire and become unusable. This can become costly, having a faulty refrigeration system and continuing to throw away food as the appliance goes in and out of use. Below I have included a link to a refrigerator repair service. 

q: What does a mathematician do when he is constipated?
a: He works it out with a pencil. 

q: What it Princess Zelda's favorite food?
a: Hot Links

q: How do you get a date on Tinder?
a: Seriously guys, I've been trying for months so if anyone have any useful tips it would be much appreciated.

q: Why do you put a fence around a graveyard?
a: Because people are dying to get in!

q: What did the artist ask Shakespeare when he was sketching his portrait?
a: 2B or not 2B?

q: What gets you a downvote?
a: Reposting an old joke that wasn't funny the first time. What gets you an upvote? Posting an original joke, or a funny joke I've heard before. What get's you 5 upvotes? Being 

q: Have you heard the one about the insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic?
a: He would lay awake at night wondering if there was a dog.

q: If a stack is first in last out and a queue is first in first out, what is a circular queue?
a: First in never out.

q: What's the difference between an oyster shucker with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: One shucks between fits and the other fucks between shits.

q: What is the most-ignored rule in a convent?
a: Lights out at nine, candles out at ten.

q: What's the worst thing a girl can wear to bed?
a: A condom

q: What would George "Kingfish" Stevens say about Obama if he were alive today?
a: We is the stuckees.

q: What do you call a rising poll?
a: Upvote

q: Why couldn't Dracula ever get a good blow-job?
a: He scared them all spitless.

q: What do you call it when three french cats get into a boat only meant for two?
a: Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq!

q: Why did Angelina get wanderlust after her double-masectomy?
a: She just had this breastless feeling.

q: Why do sumo wrestles shave their legs?
a: So that you can tell them apart from feminists

q: What's the difference between Haribo candies and blowjobs from an old lady while wearing no condom ?
a: One is gummi bears and the other is gummies bare.

q: Did you know that FDR's collection of pet kangaroos were purposely written out of the history books?
a: Shocking, I know. I couldn't imagine how his roosafelt.

q: What did the doctor say to the man that broke his arm?
a: Be patient

q: When will a proper female AI be made?
a: When we invent NANDOR logic gates

q: What do you call a mexican cyclops?
a: Juan Eye.

q: How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced?
a: A buck an ear (buccaneer). 

q: Why did the black man go to the golf-club on Sunday afternoon?
a: Because he had a membership.

q: Why Hitler died?
a: Because he saw the gas facture.

q: You know what jokes are the worst?
a: Lesbian jokes. Those are for pussies.

q: Who's the biggest bitch in a whole wide world?
a: OPs mom

q: Why do ladies prefer 77 over 69?
a: Because it's eight more.

q: Cake day: How many scientists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Answer: I don't know, I'm no scientist

q: Whats the best way to watch porn?
a: In double HD.

q: How does a pirate reenact Travis Bickle's speech?
a: Are you talking to me?

q: How do you convert Spanish programming into English?
a: Yes++

q: What do 16 year old boys and drug companies have in common?
a: They are both more worried about getting inside you than being effective once there!

q: What do people wear when they go to a new planet?
a: Terraformal wear.

q: Did you know diarrhea is genetic?
a: It runs in your jeans 

q: What's long, green, slimy and smells like pork?
a: Kermit the frog's finger

q: What do you get when you cross a onion and a donkey?
a: A piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye

q: What's a pirate's favorite element on the periodic table?
a: Gold! (works better when told - most will interrupt with "Arrrrrrrrrgon!")

q: What do you call a square that's been beat up?
a: A rekt-tangle

q: What do you do when you come across an elephant in the jungle?
a: Wipe it off and say you're sorry.

q: Why is Batman undefeatable?
a: Because he was coached by Liam Neeson. 

q: What do you call a gay milkman?
a: Dairy Queen

q: Why didn't Hitler go to strip clubs?
a: Because he didn't like poles.

q: What's the kinkiest leafy green?
a: Collared Greens

q: What did Peyton Manning said to his younger brother about the new NFL rule?
a: ELI5 (explain me like I am five)

q: What did Dave Grohl say when someone stole his Greek food?
a: There goes my gyroooo

q: Why did Jesus take three days to resurrect after dying on the cross?
a: Because the date wasn't nailed down.

q: How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish?
a: Clickbait.

q: In the toy shop in my area, packet balloons cost $0.10 each, but $10 when filled with air?
a: God damn inflation.

q: Whats green, has six legs and if it falls from a tree it will kill you?
a: A snooker table

q: Why should a woman President never masturbate?
a: Reports that she has her finger on The Button would cause panic.

q: How do you hide an elephant up a cheery tree?
a: Put it in the tree and paint it's balls red. What's the loudest noise in the world? A giraffe eating cherries Edit: not a cheery tree...cherry

q: What's red, white and blue?
a: Autoerotic Asphyxiation

q: What is the hardest thing about learning to ride a bike?
a: The asphalt.

q: What do you call a fish with no "eyes"?
a: Fsh

q: Which phone is most sold in Australia?
a: The htc M8. Oi mate

q: Did you know that Pringles were originally used as a laxative, for medicinal purposes?
a: Their original slogan was: "Once you poop, you just can't stop."

q: Why did the old man throw the matress out the window?
a: Dementia

q: Whats the difference between Jesus and his photo?
a: It takes only one nail to hang the photo

q: What's the difference between someone who doesn't use their turn signal and Hitler?
a: You know Hitler will turn Reich.

q: If farmer A sells apples and farmer B sells bananas, what does farmer C sell?
a: Medicine.

q: What does a selfie stick and a tampon have in common?
a: Both have a cunt at the end of them

q: What would Hitler say to his son?
a: Look, I am your Fuhrer

q: What does your momma and a hockey player have in common?
a: They both change their pads after three periods.

q: What has America come to?
a: We're letting a   president run the   House!

q: What do you call a terrorist video store?
a: Blockbuster

q: Did you hear about the guy who bombed the printing press?
a: He was breaking news

q: What do Nazis do on a beach vacation?
a: They ride on Adolf-in no? I'll see myself out.

q: which cola brand sources its water from the oceans?
a: PepSi

q: What kind of fish is the worst friend?
a: The Sel-Fish

q: How many quarters does it take to play the Lord of the rings pinball game?
a: None, it only takes Tolkiens

q: What do you call an easter extremist?
a: The middle easter bunny

q: How do you get elected president of my pants?
a: By the vote of the Erectional College...

q: What's a dentist's favorite time?
a: 2:30

q: Why didn't you visit Chad?
a: Cause he wasn't my Niger.

q: Did you hear that there's a new "Divorced Barbie"?
a: Yeah - she comes with all of Ken's stuff.

q: The Energizer Bunny was arrested this morning. Have you heard about this?
a: Yeah, police say he was charged with battery.

q: Why is ISIS so good at sports?
a: Even in high-intensity games they always manage to execute

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus terminal and a large-breasted crab?
a: One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.

q: What did the kid say to his nanny when she stubbed her toe while trying to catch him?
a: Nana boo boo

q: What basketball team does a vampire play for?
a: The New York Necks

q: What happened to the native man that drank 23 cups of tea?
a: He went home and drowned in his tea pee.

q: Whats the best time to go to the dentist?
a: 4:30pm   It let's you out of work a bit early with a valid excuse 

q: What do you call a candelabra that refuses to hold candles?
a: A candle-nah-brah

q: What did the American Chef say to the Asian Chef?
a: Take a wok. 

q: Wanna hear a joke about ebola?
a: Nevermind, you won't get it.

q: What do you get when two pieces of poop marry each other?
a: A shitty relationship

q: Did you hear Miley Cyrus and her new boyfriend broke up?
a: It wasn't twerking out.

q: Which Nordic country should you never be a part of?
a: Finland.  Once you're a citizen, that's it! You're Finnish! It's over.

q: What do the English and Welsh have in common?
a: Kids are their definition of a good time. 

q: How does someone stop ISIS?
a: Change their name to past tense, WASWAS.

q: How do you find Will Smith in a snowy forest?
a: You look for his fresh prints. (  )

q: Why do towels get dirty?
a: If we use towels just to dry ourselves after washing off dirt and what not. Why do they get dirty??

q: Why did Hitler suicide?
a: He got the gas bill

q: Q. Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?
a: A. The Ultrasound Guy

q: How many millenials does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one. They hold it in place while the world revolves around them.

q: What did the FLAC say?
a: I'm an audiophile

q: What is dementia?
a: I forget 

q: How many dank memes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Doesn't matter, just use the jet fuel instead.

q: Have you ever had ethiopian food?
a: Neither have they

q: What has four legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
a: A pool table.

q: Why do tumblr users make for poor gunmen?
a: They are afraid of triggers.

q: How do chinese people name their childre n?
a: They throw a toaster down the stairs.

q: Did you hear the joke about the guy who shined a light at his shadow?
a: It starts off dark, but the ending is bright.

q: How do you increase a pirates morale?
a: mor ale

q: Did you know you can use a condom twice?
a: Just turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it

q: What does a fish say when it swims into a concrete wall?
a: Dam!

q: Hey, have you heard of that new movie, "Constipation"?
a: Yeah...it hasn't come out yet.

q: What happened to the man who had a Disney character lodged up his rectum?
a: He had the Mickey taken out of him

q: What did the fish say to the man draining its aquarium?
a: WATER YOU DOING

q: What do you get when you cross a whistle with a blizzard?
a: Edward Snowed-in

q: Why did the goose cross the road?
a: Because he's an asshole.

q: Which Asians have the softest skin?
a: Laotians

q: Did you hear about that man who used somebody else's legs?
a: He could never stand up on his own two feet.

q: Why these two fingers?
a: For my cake day, I present   with a favorite of mine, told to me by my uncle during a cousin's wedding.  I make no claims as to its origin, nor to the relative awesomeness of my family: Uncle:  "Hey, got a joke for ya.     Why should a woman always masturbate with these two fingers?" Me:  "I dunno, why?" Uncle:  "Cuz they're mine."

q: Did you here about the new zoo?
a: They put a fence around Iowa.

q: What does The White House and my underwear have in common?
a: They both contain very large black dicks that can't wait to fuck you. 

q: OK - who knows their Soupy Sales lines?
a: I'll give you the set-ups, you give us the lines.

q: Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Utah?
a: Because they couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.

q: What is a dog lover's favorite cookie?
a: Keebler

q: What is purple and commutes?
a: An Abelian grape!

q: What was Nero's favorite kind of sandwich?
a: A Plebeian J

q: What is a British person's favorite cereal?
a: Cheerios. say it in a British accent

q: Whats the opposite of under?
a: Der.

q: what did they call the disc jockey who kept playing the same songs again and again?
a: DJ Vu

q: Did you hear about the guy who wanted to join ISIS?
a: He wanted to get head.

q: what's red and smells like blue paint?
a: red paint

q: How many creationists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they still use torches.

q: What's in a Paul Walker shot ?
a: An Irish car bomb followed by a shot of Fireball

q: Why is a Mexican midget called a paragraph?
a: Because he isn't a full ese. 

q: What do you call a guy who makes "women in the kitchen" jokes?
a: Single.

q: What's a pirates favorite class?
a: Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt

q: What's the best part of a boxer's joke?
a: The punch line Found in BL magazine

q: What do you call a person who is half Jewish?
a: Jew-ish

q: What does a neckbeard eat for breakfast?
a: Pankeks.

q: What city is the favorite place for anti-Semites?
a: Juno

q: Did you guys hear Adele might have cancer?
a: It's not confirmed, but tumor has it

q: How do spies eat their waffles?
a: Syruptitiously!

q: What do you call a group of sorority girls/fraternity guys standing in a circle?
a: A round of applause ...because they all have the clap.

q: What do you call a zombie eating a dog?
a: Asian zombie

q: Did you hear about the woman who walked backwards into a propellor?
a: Disaster...

q: Why did Jesus hang on the cross for three days?
a: He forgot the safe word.

q: Are you a monosaccharide?
a: 'Cause sugar, you're basic.

q: What is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill?
a: The penguin who pushed him!

q: Did you hear about the obese woman who got a job at a bank?
a: She was a four-chin teller. 

q: What kind of dinosaur would Eminem be?
a: A veloci-rapper. What about Stalin? A Tyrant-a-saurus rex.

q: What do you call an Irish man that bounces off of walls?
a: Rick O'Shea.

q: Have you seen the new movie Constipated?
a: It hasn't come out yet

q: What do a Prostitute and a politician have in common?
a: they both take money for lip-service.

q: What is the main difference between a drag show and a drag race?
a: The phrase "I blew a tranny" means something totally different. 

q: Why did no one ever consider Tony Stark (the Iron Man) a protagonist?
a: Because he was always cited as the Anthony hero.

q: Q: What mythological monster casts no reflection?
a: A: All of them.

q: How do you get someone with downs syndrome out of a tree?
a: Wave at them.

q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide the eggs?
a: Because he doesn't want anybody to know that he's been fucking chickens!

q: Did you hear that Jesus was a bit of a drunk?
a: One time He got so hammered that He fell asleep in a cave for three days before He woke up.  (heard in church today) :-) Happy Easter! 

q: What do public toilets and homeless shelters have in common?
a: They're both full of bums

q: Why do gay men get so much hate?
a: Because sometimes, they're fucking assholes.

q: What musical group is Jesus most afraid of?
a: Nine Inch Nails

q: What do you tell a women with a black eye?
a: Nothing, you already told her once. 

q: Do you know why the Easter Bunny hides his eggs?
a: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's been FUCKING CHICKENS!!!

q: What's a blind mans favorite car?
a: A cataract

q: Why are Slavs always squatting?
a: what else is there to do while you're waiting in line?

q: Where does a black Jew stand?
a: At the   of the gas chamber. 

q: Too soon for a knock knock joke?
a: "Knock knock" "Who's there?" "The pilot, let me in!!!"

q: Why did the bar owner by a diamond mine get arrested?
a: He attributed to the delinquency of a miner.

q: How do you get your partner to give you head?
a: Put them in a guillotine.

q: What's the difference between a Scottish guy and Mick Jagger?
a: One says "Hey, you, get off of my cloud!" The other says "Hey McCloud,  get off of my ewe!"

q: Why did the poor man become a baker?
a: He really kneaded the dough alot

q: what do you think of the number 4?
a: you mean like on a scale of 1 to 10? stolen from: 

q: Obama is in a sinking ship. Who gets saved?
a: America

q: Why don't cannibals eat the feet?
a: Because they are lactoes intolerant. Told to me by my 12 year old.

q: What is the 2nd worst reason to become a historian?
a: A.  To find evidence of time travel. What is the worst reason to become a historian? To find evidence of your own time travel adventures

q: What kind of parasites do gangstas get?
a: Thug Lice.

q: Passover jokes?
a: In case conversation at our seder lags.

q: What do you call a stupid person?
a: stupid

q: What were Jesus's last words to his disciples as he was nailed to the cross?
a: Nobody touch my fucking Easter eggs, I'll be back on Sunday.

q: Do you think, when they were looking for that Carmen girl, that they ever checked San Diego?
a: Just a thought.

q: Why can't women drive?
a: Because there aren't any roads from the bedroom to the kitchen.

q: What has two legs and bleeds a lot?
a: Half a dog

q: How's the fruit?
a: Just peachy.

q: Why wasn't Boy George any good at English?
a: because he always put 5 commas before chameleon.

q: What's a Polygon?
a: A dead parrot.

q: How do you catch a bear?
a: You first dig a hole. Then fill it up with ash from your fireplace. Since bears love peas grab a frozen bag from the store and surround the hole with frozen peas then wait. When the bear comes around and bends down to take a pea you kick him in the ash hole.

q: What do you call a Pakistani with a vest on?
a: Going to the gym,  You. Racist.

q: What is the best remedy for cough?
a: A laxative. 

q: What did one saggy boob say to the other one?
a: You know, if we don't get a lift, people will think we're nuts.

q: What does a former terrorist playboy say to the officer interrogating him?
a: "Look, officer, I may be wearing a turban, and I may have a gun on me, but I ain't Bin Laiden years!"

q: Are jokes about Islam funny?
a: Absolutely,  they're a blast.

q: What is Kanye West's least favorite holiday?
a: Easter

q: Why are gay people so fashionable?
a: Because they spend so long in the closet. 

q: Why doesn't the Easter Bunny make noise when he has sex?
a: Because he has Cottonballs

q: What did John Lennon say when he got egg shells in his cake?
a: Yolko Oh-no

q: Which eggs are the best for Easter?
a: Empty ones  (   )

q: Why did Will die?
a: Because the commanding officer told his soldiers: "Fire at will"

q: What's it called if women in heaven still menstruate?
a: A grace period.

q: Why is Helium so trustworthy?
a: Because HE's noble.

q: What do you get from a frozen zombie?
a: Frost bite. ;D

q: What do you get when you cross a sheep and a kangaroo?
a: A wooly jumper. 

q: Did you hear about that glacier off the coast of Italy?
a: It was a Romaine Iceberg

q: What do you call a circus full of mean people?
a: A jerkus.

q: Where's the best place to hide money from a Mexican?
a: Under a bar of soap.

q: What do you call a Rhinoceros mixed with a Rooster?
a: A horny cock.

q: Why do cannibals hate Pentecostals?
a: Because they're always throwing up their hands.

q: You know what?
a: It's been a Good Friday. 

q: What did Anakin order from the Italian bakery?
a: Only one cannoli. 

q: What do you get when you minus Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear...?
a: ... A smile !

q: 3 tampons walking down the street .Which one says hi first?
a: None. They're all stuck up cunts!

q: What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
a: HAND EEEEEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!

q: Why was the egg late for work?
a: It ova slept.

q: Which dinosaur named all the others?
a: The Thesaurus

q: Q: How do astronomers organize a party?
a: A: They planet Insert death threats below

q: Why was everyone afraid of the everything bagel?
a: Because he looked pretty seedy!

q: what do you call a red head's problem?
a: a ginger ail

q: What's the difference between Indiana and Reddit?
a: In Reddit, you get served no matter who you are.

q: Why wasn't Hamlet sad when his girlfriend drowned?
a: He was more of a necrOpheliac anyway.

q: Did you hear about the sexually frustrated lawyer?
a: He got off on a technicality. 

q: Why would Target be the worst store to run the Enterprise?
a: Because they all wear red shirts

q: What do you call a Whore that was shot by a sniper?
a: 360 hoscope 

q: Why does Popeye have the perfect dick?
a: Because he's always dipping it in Olive Oyl.

q: What did on western cheese say to the other?
a: You gouda bounty on your head. You cheddar be here when I get back.

q: Why are photos in Latvia always such good quality?
a: There's no such thing as potato quality there.

q: Do you want to hear a potassium joke?
a: K.  I was going to tell you a sodium joke but Na. 

q: Want to lose 10 pounds of ugly fat?
a: Cut off your head.

q: What do Germans say when you show them a meme?
a: Danke.

q: Did you hear about the fire at the flame retardant textile manufacturer?
a: Someone left the irony on...

q: (Translated from my mother tongue) What does a man do when he wants to end a marriage passively?
a: He tries finding the expiration date on the marriage cirtifficate

q: Husband to wife: Honey, what would you do if I won the lottery?
a: Wife: I'd divorce you and take half the money  Husband: Well I won $10, here's your 5, now fuck off!

q: Judas: Still on for friday?
a: "Jesus: friday?" "Judas: Yeah, the Last Supper." "Jesus: The what?" "Judas: Supper. Normal supper with the fellas."

q: Why was the doctor so stressed out?
a: He lost his patients...

q: What do you call that part of the pharmacy where they keep the condoms, birth-control pills, etc.?
a: The Contrasection.

q: What shatters faster than your smartphone screen?
a: A newborn with osteoporosis.

q: Why do Brides wear white?
a: To match the rest of the household appliances.

q: How does Furious 7 end?
a: Paul Walker dies.

q: How do you make 5 lbs of fat look good?
a: Stick a nipple on it.

q: What did Iron say to Silver after 30 years?
a: You haven't AG-ed a bit.

q: What is the difference between walking a dog in America and China?
a: The spelling.

q: Wanna here a funny joke?
a: Women's rights.

q: Why do blondes wear their hair up?
a: To catch everything that goes over their heads. 

q: What does the Interstellar soundtrack and a porno film have in common?
a: Swelling organs.

q: What do you get when two Samoans Fall off a couch?
a: Tufaloffahsofa

q: Why do dogs lick their balls? Because they can! Why can't humans?
a: Because they'll bite us!

q: What's the difference between Will Ferrell and a man with erectile dysfunction?
a: What's the difference between Will Ferrell and a man with erectile dysfunction? One can... "Get Hard"

q: What do you call a cow abortion?
a: De-calf

q: so many poor jokes, where to begin?
a: A brunette, a blonde and a redhead, all heavily pregnant, are waiting for a scan; the brunette says 'I was on top, so I'm going to have a bay', the redhead responds with 'I was on the bottom, so I'm going to have a girl', at which point the blonde bursts into tears. The other two manage to calm her down, and ask what is wrong? 'I'm going to have puppies!'

q: What's the last thing they do to a Tickle-Me-Elmo doll before it leaves the factory?
a: Give it two test-tickles!

q: Do you think Lincoln was good at pleasuring the ladies?
a: If he was, did they call him the pounding father?

q: Why did the archaeologist ask a diamond out to dinner?
a: Because of his enthusiasm for Carbon-Dating.

q: Have you heard about the movie director from space?
a: Woody Alien

q: What did the poop say to the pee when he was hitting on her?
a: I may be a two but your an eight..

q: What did the police officer say to his stomach?
a: I've got you under a vest. 

q: Why did the local university invite a foreign chemist?
a: Florine talent.

q: Why did the pilot hit the Alps?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why did Reddit's restaurant go our of business?
a: All of its servers were busy

q: do you know the difference between a carrot and a fork?
a: If you don't you should be more careful when you eat!

q: Why don't Episcopalians play chess?
a: They don't know the difference between a bishop and a queen

q: How do you cure a mute coworker?
a: Tell them a secret

q: What do you call the version of google maps without pac man?
a: Pac Man-free Ver.

q: Did you get a haircut?
a: No. I got all of them cut.

q: Interviewer: It says here you're skilled at saying unexpected things?
a: Me: Yes, I am.  Interviewer: Hmm, I thought you were going to say something unexpec-- oh, you're good.

q: How do you fit 3 babies in a bowl?
a: Blender. How do you get them out?  Chips.

q: How do you get 4 girls to sit on one chair?
a: You flip it upside down.

q: What does M.Night Shyamalan always order when he goes out for ice cream?
a: A large twist cone.

q: Why do midgets have bad breath?
a: Because their asses are closer to their mouths. 

q: Why didn't Zeke get that job at the KFC off the interstate?
a: He thought they'd want to hear that back at the farm, he likes doin' chickens right also.

q: What type of MMO's does the Taliban play?
a: RPG's

q: Why aren't Jewish Youtube celebrities's work viewed at night?
a: Because they're stars-of-day-vids.

q: What do you call a sleeping police officer?
a: An undercover cop. 

q: What do your mom and a camel have in common?
a: They both spit.

q: What do you call too many chickens on a farm?
a: A cluster cluck.

q: What becomes packed between periods?
a: School Hallways

q: What did the deaf guy say to the blind guy?
a: I can't hear you, but I can  see your point

q: Why is 77 better than 69?
a: You get ate more.

q: What does a fish say when he hits concrete?
a: Dam!  A customer told me that joke, equipped with an " old guys rule" shirt and a hardy fist bump. 

q: Why is butter dangerous?
a: It's mantequilla.

q: Have I told you about my new stereo that connects to the Internet and plays Star Wars music?
a: It's my WiFi Sci-Fi HiFi. 

q: why is 77 better than 69? what is better than77?
a: you get eight more. 88 you get ate twice

q: What's the similarity between a burned pizza and parents?
a: If it's black it won't give you any food

q: Whats a pirate's favorite letter?
a: "You'd think it would be R but its actually the c!" Aye matey

q: What do you call a woman with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, Chris Brown doesn't want you getting involved in his personal life

q: What rhymes and let's you instantly know a redditor is a moron?
a: Purple circle.

q: What's a laughing condiment?
a: Ayy lmayo

q: What's the speed limit to sex?
a: 68. Once you go 69 you have to stop and turn around.

q: What do you call people who play April Fool's jokes?
a: Annoying. 

q: How many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Who cares, because How Can Light Be Real If Our Eyes Arent Real?

q: Why did the ambulance show up to a tennis match between Number 8 and Number 9?
a: The umpire called it: nine won one.

q: Is this a joke?
a: Hell yeah!

q: what will i do when i have an out-of-body experience?
a: i'll see myself out....

q: Do you remember when Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder played each other in a tennis match?
a: It was endless love.

q: What did the referee say to the southwest attendant?
a: Free points for traveling? This is all fucked up 

q: What's the difference between Walmart and India?
a: Well, one is filled with cows.   And the other is in Asia.

q: What does a girl from Arkansas say when she loses her virginity?
a: "Get off me paw, you're crushing my smokes."

q: How did Helen Keller burn her face?
a: She answered the waffle iron. How did she burn the other side? They called back.

q: What do you call a gay guy in a coma?
a: A watermelon.

q: Why did Susie drop her ice cream?
a: Because she was hit by a bus.

q: Did you hear about the Irish paper boy?
a: He blew away.

q: What was INXS Singer Michael Hutchence's favorite vegetable?
a: The autochoke. 

q: How do you know your at a gay BBQ?
a: The hotdogs taste like shit.

q: Did you hear about the guy who invented the Hokey Pokey?
a: He just passed away and they had troubles putting him in the coffin.  When they put his left leg in his right leg came out.

q: What do you call lesbian eskimos?
a: Klondykes

q: Did youz guys hear about the blow job competition last night?
a: It was nuts, the race was neck and neck till the very end!

q: What did one fetus say to the other?
a: Guess we're wombmates!

q: What kind of investments do musicians make?
a: Sound investments.

q: What did the guy who liked mustard say when he opened his fridge and saw no mustard?
a: You mustard be joking!

q: What's the most logical country?
a: AND OR a

q: How is called the funeral of an electrical engineer?
a: Grounding

q: If you're in college, what do you do when your flatmate has an epileptic seizure in the bathtub?
a: ...throw in your dirty laundry.

q: What kind of coffee does an executioner drink?
a: Decap

q: [God-awful OC] What do you call someone who lets people rent wifi signals from them?
a: The lanlord!

q: What do you have when you have 1000 whites skydiving?
a: Oil

q: Michael Jackson: Is Mr. Wall there?
a: Russell Crowe: No. Jackson: Is Mr.s Wall there? Crowe: No. Jackson: Are there any walls there? Crowe: Um.. no? Jackson: That what's holding up the roof? Apparently MJ used to call up Crowe at the hotels where he was staying and tell him jokes. This was one of them.

q: Why did the shit-kicker cross the road?
a: To use his rich neighbor's outhouse.

q: What do you call a midget psychic committing a crime?
a: Small medium at large.

q: What did the doctor say to the patient who refused to stop masturbating?
a: Don't make it hard for yourself.

q: What's the most erotic food you can eat by yourself?
a: Beef strokin'-off

q: What's Irish and stays out all night?
a: Patio Furniture

q: Why did the dog keep dropping his ball?
a: He had barkinsons disease.

q: Where do you send Jewish kids with Attention Deficit Disorder?
a: Concentration camp.

q: What is 40ft long and smells like urine?
a: Line dancing at sun city

q: What education should a private detective have?
a: Elementary, my dear Watson.

q: You know all those things that "Have been shown to cause cancer in the state of California"?
a: Seems they prove the state of California causes cancer.

q: What's the healthiest sport a pregnant women can play?
a: Kick boxing

q: Did you hear about the paperboy who masturbated on the job?
a: It was all over the news! (Can't remember where I heard this, so sorry if its a repost)

q: What do you call a symphony where everyone plays at the same time instead of taking turns?
a: An  chestra.

q: Did you hear that the Vatican elected a new Pope?
a: Never mind, they were just blowing smoke.

q: What happens when you don't pay your exorcist?
a: You get repossessed.

q: Was sagt der groe Stift zum kleinen Stift?
a: Wachsmalstift

q: What's bad about being a black Jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What does a woman trucker and a hockey team have in common?
a: They both shower after 3 periods!

q: What is a prostitute's favorite region of America?
a: The Bayou

q: What do you call a cat crossed with a canary?
a: a cosh(x/a)

q: What did one pencil say to the other?
a: 2B or not 2B?

q: What do dyslexic zombies want to eat?
a: Brians

q: Did you see the Stevie Wonder joke on reddit today?
a: Neither did he.

q: Why did Billy Joel get acquitted?
a: Because he didn't start the fire.

q: What is it called when two little people get divorced?
a: Daworfed

q: What's a mathematician's favorite kind of music?
a: Logarithms 

q: What do you get when you merge Revenge with Grey's Anatomy?
a: Graysonatomy.

q: What are some (appropriate) ginger jokes I can use in an entertaining speech?
a: I'm making an entertaining speech for my speech and drama class and I'm having trouble coming up with jokes and funny content to add into it. I'm a ginger myself, but I am really not a funny person so appropriate ginger jokes would be appreciated!

q: Did you hear about the new wine that the Taliban is selling in the US to help fund its war efforts?
a: They call it "White Infidel."

q: Why were the children jumping for Joy?
a: Because Joy was stuck on the roof.

q: In the final analysis, why did Yu do better than Hu?
a: Hu died and left Yu king. Wait a minute - how can you so sure about what's after death? Who died and left you king? Isn't that what I just said?

q: What do you call a good looking Spanish/Jewish guy?
a: Flacowitz

q: What does a soviet call someone with good vision?
a: Glasnots.

q: Why did the vibrator go to the bar?
a: To catch a buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

q: Anyone seen the movie about the female eye doctor who's always naked when she kills her patients?
a: It's called 'Lasik Instinct'.

q: How do you find a fat girl's pussy?
a: Roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.

q: Why does the communist party hate planes?
a: Because they're always Stalin

q: Hillary, why are your socks so saggy?
a: I'm not wearing socks

q: Why do turds taper off at the end?
a: So your asshole doesn't slam shut

q: How is American beer similar to having sex in a canoe?
a: It's fucking close to water.  (A Canadian just told me this joke)

q: What do you call a lesbian with one leg shorter than the other?
a: Gaylene!

q: Do you know the Greek version of Monopoly?
a: It's called Monopoulos and you just borrow all the money from the bank. Everyone loses.

q: What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?
a: RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!

q: Why did Hu wind-up worse off than Yu?
a: Because Hu died and made Yu king. Hu died and made Yu king? Isn't that what I just said?

q: How do you know your gf is getting fat?
a: She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...

q: How many retweets to let me take your sister to prom?
a: A student walks up to his friend a week before prom and asks, "Hey, how many Twitter retweets do i have to get to take your sister to prom?" His friend says, "Dude, she was abducted! She's been missing 3 weeks, you know this!" The student says, "So you're saying if i find her, i can take her?"

q: You know what they say about location in real estate?
a: Not much but they say it three times. 

q: What do you call an arcade game that involves you hitting avocados that pop out of the top of it?
a: Guac-A-Mole.

q: Why do computer programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas?
a: Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25

q: How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two:  One to change it, and the other one to change it back again.

q: What is the smallest part of a little person?
a: Their wee-knees! 

q: What's Ellen Pao's husband's favourite web plugin?
a: Ponzi Buddy.

q: STEP UP?
a: Ive got a step ladder,I never really knew my real ladder

q: Did you hear the pizza guy's joke?
a: He has excellent delivery.

q: You guys know any Sodium jokes?
a: Na.

q: Why aren't koalas real bears?
a: Because they don't meet the koalifications!

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper?
a: He sold his soul to Santa

q: If I had a rooster, and you had a donkey, and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would we have?
a: Two feet of my cock in your ass.

q: What's a metaphor?
a: Winning the game tournament!

q: Why can't you make a movie with with Jewish people smoking weed?
a: You can't show a group of Jews getting baked

q: Why do programmers produce more garbage than others ?
a: Because they (some of them) don't have a garbage collector.

q: The two hardest things in programming?
a: Naming things, caching things and off-by-one errors!

q: What do you call a lesbian who doesn't believe in gods?
a: A gay-theist. EDIT: Spelling error. whoops

q: Why did the scout leader get arrested?
a: They caught him eating a brownie

q: What is the difference between a Mexican and a book?
a: A book has papers.

q: How do you make a prepubescent laugh?
a: Heh, pubes.

q: Hey, are you one of the new guys?
a: No I've always been a guy, why do you ask? ( I'm starting a new job in a few weeks, and I've been trying to come up with some new ice breakers. They're going to love me)

q: Did you hear about the resourceful proctologist?
a: He always used two fingers, in case his patients wanted a second opinion.

q: Your cough sounds much better this morning?
a: It should. I've been practicing all night!

q: What always stays hot in the refrigerator?
a: Horseradish

q: You know how rich people prefer Bose, Bang & Olufsen and Marantz?
a: That's just a stereotype.

q: Q: Why'd the robber take a bath?
a: A: He wanted to make a clean getaway.

q: Do you know how I know that diarrhea is genetic?
a: It runs in your jeans.

q: What's the difference between Arabs and Americans?
a: American kids come home from boyscouts

q: What do you call the kinkiest/nastiest move from 50 Shades of Gray?
a: The Gray Poupon

q: What do drug dealers sit on?
a: KUSHions please tell me that joke is funny, my girlfriend is trying to tell me that it isn't funny. We all know it is. 

q: What makes a feminist prostitute angry?
a: She gets payed less than the transsexual prostitute. 

q: What's the best drink for a dog?
a: An old faschund.

q: what's green and floats?
a: a leaf

q: What kind of parents are see-through?
a: Transparence!

q: You know what's addictive?
a: Heroin

q: Whats black and screams?
a: Stevie wonder answering the iron!

q: What is the most uptight human instinct?
a: Sex, there's hundreds of thousands of sex offenders.

q: Have you ever eaten at a Native American restaurant?
a: It's mostly corn...but you have to make a reservation. 

q: Why was the bumble bee wearing a yamaka?
a: Because he didn't want to be mistaken for a WASP

q: Why shouldnt you ever have an argument with Mbius?
a: Because theyre always so one sided!

q: Have you heard of McDonald's new Obama Value Meal?
a: Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it. 

q: Why are my pubes curly?
a: Because if they were straight, they'd be poking you in the eyes.

q: What would you do of you found Chicago, Ill.?
a: Call Baltimore, M.D.

q: What do you call an Egyptian surprise attack?
a: A Tut offensive.

q: How did feminism start?
a: Some guy forgot to lock the kitchen door

q: What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?
a: Damn

q: Did you hear about the blonde who got detention for flirting with boys in class?
a: She told the teacher she wanted to go down in history...

q: What do you call a joke that has been internet obsolete for a while?
a: The Game.

q: What do the British say when they're flirting?
a: U wan'a m8?

q: Why wasn't Michael Jackson healthy?
a: Artificial colouring.

q: If girls with big boobs work at Hooters, where do people with one leg work?
a: IHOP.

q: What gun does Jesus hate the most?
a: The nail gun. So sorry if this offends you Credit to the   podcast

q: What sex position makes ugly babies?
a: Ask your parents

q: What do you call a caboose that changes its gender?
a: A trains-vestite.

q: Why do men like Haunted Bees?
a: boobees ! :D I'll show myself out.

q: What do you call immigrants to Sweden?
a: Artificial Swedeners

q: What do you call two roosters having a fight?
a: A Cock-a-Doodle-Duel!

q: Why was the Easter Egg so happy?
a: He just got laid by some chick!

q: How do you know if someone's an engineer without asking them?
a: Don't worry they'll tell you 

q: What do vegetarian dogs eat?
a: Bark!

q: Why won't Microsoft hire any maids?
a: Because they don't do Windows

q: Why can't a prostitute count to 70?
a: Because 69's a mouthful.

q: What's the difference between a Lamborghini and a pile of dead babies?
a: I don't have a Lamborghini in my garage  I do realize this is a sick joke but it still makes me laugh when I hear it. I'm a horrible person

q: Hows a forwardly plural Hitler hailed as?
a: Shitler

q: What do you get when you have barbie dolls standing in a line?
a: A barbie queue (BBQ)!  Also, I made a quick sketch on my iPad.   I found the genesis to this joke as a text note in my Evernote this morning, after what seemed like a night of free flow beers. Feel free to downvote me to oblivion.

q: Why can't Mexicans play Uno?
a: They always steal the green cards.

q: Why did dwarf laugh when he walked through a paddock?
a: Because the grass tickled his willy :)

q: A math joke?
a: P1: knock knock. P2: who's there? P1: Deedee who. P2: Deedee who who? P1: one. 

q: What's the downside of being a redneck kid at Christmas?
a: You only get presents from one set of grandparents. 

q: How can you get hundreds of women wet all at once?
a: Go to a john mayer concert!

q: Why is C afraid of every other letter in the alphabet?
a: Because they are not Cs.

q: What did Honey Boo Boo's father say after he didn't pull out?
a: Uh oh... I think I made a boo boo.

q: Who was Mako Mori's existentialist monk brother?
a: Memento. 

q: Why did God bless Texas?
a: He didn't want to upset Chuck Norris.

q: What's yellow and lives off dead beatles?
a: Yoko Ono

q: What do you call a boat that gives you nothing but trouble?
a: A woe boat.

q: Do you know what a Freudian slip is?
a: It's where you say one thing but fuck your mother. 

q: How many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg?
a: Four. Because calling the trunk a leg doesnt make it a leg. 

q: What happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time?
a: What happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time? Urine-nation!

q: Why don't people tell jokes about the Reverend Jim Jones?
a: The punchline is too long.

q: Me: Why is gay marriage such an issue now-a-days?
a: Friend: Because people are FUCKING ASSHOLES!   This can be taken in two ways and both are correct.

q: What do you call an Atheist at a Christian fancy dress party?
a: A cross-dresser.

q: What do you call it when Muslim men play naked twister?
a: Dinner entertainment at Guantanamo Bay 

q: How do you make a 90's kid mad?
a: The game.

q: If my inlaws break a bylaw, does it make them outlaws?
a: Would any lawyer be in a preposition to answer this one for me?

q: What do you call a female chicken that goes "cock-a-doodle-doo"?
a: A lesbi-hen

q: What animal is two animals at the same time?
a: The Cat: because is a cat and a spider :) ... oh, wait.

q: What do you call a Mexican that loses a car?
a: Carlos. 

q: Did you know Sasha Grey retired?
a: It's fine though, at least she went out with a bang!

q: What does a Japanese chef shout in bed?
a: Ooo mami!   (Umami)

q: What kind of hotdog did the Buddha order from the street vendor?
a: One with everything

q: Whats the square (root) of a (onion)???
a: Shallots 

q: Where do Americans buy their groceries in Afghanistan?
a: At the infideli counter. 

q: You know what we call comedy gold in the chemistry world?
a: Ha2Au (I'm sorry, also the 2 should be sub-scripted but reddit wouldn't let me do that)

q: What do air and sex have in common?
a: Neither is terribly important until you're not getting any.

q: What's the biggest advantage to living in Switzerland?
a: Well, the flag is a big plus.

q: What do you call it when gay men break up?
a: A banana split

q: Why'd the cookie go to the hospital?
a: It was feeling a little crumby. 

q: What do French Business Men use to ice their cakes?
a: Franchicing

q: What do you call a boxer with an upset stomach?
a: Gaseous Clay

q: What did the cat say to the prison guard?
a: Let MEOOWWWWTTTT!!!!

q: What race of horses is the most popular on Pandora?
a: Neightiri.

q: What happened when Jesus forgot to look both ways?
a: He died on the cross!

q: What did the dolphin say when he ran into the sea turtle?
a: "Sorry, I didn't do it on porpoise."

q: Is your name Gravity ?
a: Cause you're attractive.

q: How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb?
a: Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw

q: What did the fish say when he hit the wall?
a: Dam.

q: Why did the pedophile masturbate to Kim Kardashian?
a: because he was blind.

q: Why do meth heads like to do it doggy style?
a: So they can both peek out the blinds. 

q: What did the buffalo say when dropping off his son at college?
a: Bison.

q: What do you call a dad that works at a grocery store?
a: Baghdad

q: Want to know how the Cold War was ended?
a: It was with Robotussin and space heaters.

q: How does Moses get his coffee?
a: He buys it from Starbucks...

q: Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide?
a: NO

q: What do you call a dinosaur in a car accident?
a: A Tyrannosaurus Wrecks. EDIT: Spelled "Tyrannosaurus" incorrectly.

q: What do fat girls and scooters have in common?
a: They're both fun to ride.....until your friends see you.

q: Why was kleenex dancing?
a: It had a little boogie in it.

q: What's Justin Bieber's favorite make of car?
a: Voltz-swaggin. I thought of this myself and I am so, so sorry.

q: What did the goat say to his friend after he cut his arm?
a: I'm bleating all over the place!

q: Why do the ghosts never win races?
a: Because they're always dead tired. I stole this from    plain and simple.  Just straight up stole it.  Why?  Because it made me laugh and I didn't see it posted here before.  

q: Why did the piece of gum cross the road?
a: It was stuck to the chicken.

q: What do you call a black guy who plays the piano?
a: a pianist

q: Why were the absurdly dressed chickens escorted from the basketball game?
a: Because two flagrant fouls is an automatic ejection.

q: What game did the Rabbi play with the Baby?
a: PeekaJew

q: What is the worst part about going to Auschwitz?
a: Your dreams are not the only thing going up in smokes.

q: What did the cat say to the correctional officer?
a: Let MEOWWWWWOUT!!

q: What did the grave robber say to his gym buddy in the locker room?
a: I'm gonna get some head tonight.

q: What's worse than being raped by your dad's penis?
a: Also being forced to fill his Viagra prescription.

q: Where's the best place to hide during a zombie apocalypse?
a: Radio Shack. Not even the brain dead would go there. 

q: Where do you find a quadriplegic?
a: There where you left him.

q: What did the black Jew say to the non-believers?
a: We Israel..

q: Where do 4 gay guys go?
a: One Direction

q: What did Kermit eat after he got divorced?
a: Pork Chops

q: Do you know what the best part about banging 21 year olds is?
a: There's 21 of them. 

q: What do you call an Alligator in a vest?
a: An Investigator

q: Where is the best place to hide a hippie's weed?
a: Under the soap. 

q: Why are all the fish high?
a: Because of the seaweed. I've already shown myself out, don't worry.

q: Why do girls who use Tumblr work so many odd jobs?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: Did you here about the female thief?
a: I heard she was a mistake

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with a boob job?
a: Ones a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! ahahhahahahahah 

q: How do you get a fat girl into bed?
a: Piece of cake.

q: What's black and white and eats like a horse?
a: A Zebra

q: So how about the BBC sacking Jeremy Clarkson ?
a: I think the whole thing is a huge miss-steak. 

q: Did you here about the French Alps pizza service?
a: Apparently they deliver large plane's 

q: How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a heterosexual woman?
a: Shit in her cunt. (its just a joke people)

q: What's the best part about having a dog lick peanut butter off your balls?
a: Finishing.

q: What did the remote controller say to the tv?
a: I know he turns you on but man, that guy just pushes my buttons! 

q: Why are all the best Jazz musicians brown?
a: Because they're great at scatting.

q: Have you seen the movie Constipated?
a: That's because it hasn't come out yet.

q: What do you call a Texan who just had sex?
a: A jolly rancher. Credit goes to my friend at school.

q: Why does Kim Kardashiani have a big butt?
a: because she never had to work her butt off. 

q: Why did the gay guy cross the road?
a: I'll let you know when I get to the other side.

q: What's the difference between your mom and a pizza?
a: One I eat everyday, and the other is an Italian-based flatbread with tomato sauce

q: What did the tiger say to the detective?
a: I'm not lion. Ill be here all week...

q: Did I tell you guys about my awesome camping trip?
a: Yea, it was in tents

q: What do Japanese men do when they have erections?
a: Vote.

q: So I hear Reddit likes cats. Anyone ever hear the joke about the cat on the roof?
a: Ehhh never mind. It's over your head.

q: How do you know your sister's on her period?
a: Your father's cock tastes like blood.

q: How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good?
a: Put a nipple on it.

q: What do you call a surfing Muslim extremist?
a: Radical.

q: What kind of bees give milk?
a: BOOBIES!!!

q: What's red, round and goes up and down, up and down?
a: A tomato in an elevator

q: What do you call a man that marries another man?
a: A minister! Courtesy of a patient.

q: You know what's great about jewish tires?
a: They don't just turn on a dime, they pick it up too

q: What food do all basketball players hate?
a: Turnover.

q: What do you call a Mexican burglar?
a: Juanted

q: Which state smells the worst?
a: The Prostate

q: What do you feed someone in a coma from breakfast?
a: Coma-toast.

q: What was Mussolini's favourite dessert?
a: Tyranisu

q: what do bieber and grumpy cat have in common?
a: What do bieber and grumpy cat have in common? They are both pussies who were discovered on the internet. 

q: What do you call a Batman that leaves church before its over?
a: A Christian Bale

q: How did Chuck Norris solve the dwindling oil reserves problem?
a: Ctrl - C, Ctrl - V

q: What did the unimpressed cheese say?
a: Que... so?

q: What do you call insects of the order Mantodea during mating season?
a: Laying mantises. 

q: So Zayn quit the band?
a: His life is obviously taking on a new direction...

q: What is a ghost's favorite drink?
a: Sprite

q: What are the ten greatest years of a woman's life?
a: The ones between 39 and 40.

q: What's the difference between a politician and a tiger?
a: One of them is a big puss

q: What do they eat on the set of a chick flick?
a: Romcomnoms

q: what did they call the hooker who only slept with vegetarians?
a: a herbiwhore

q: Can a match box?
a: No but a tin can. (sorry)

q: Did you know about this breed of horses?
a: This breed can jump higher than the average house. You might think, WOW, how can this be?  Well, it has very strong legs and the average house can't jump.

q: whats the best thing about metal clothes pegs?
a: I've no idea, you'll have to ask the wife.

q: Why did the cowboy have a brown moustache?
a: Cause he was  Lookin' for loooove in alllll the wrong places.

q: What do nearsighted gynecologists and a puppy have in common?
a: A wet nose.

q: What happened to the blind surgeon?
a: He got the sack.

q: how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming?
a: Al Gore Rhythm

q: What is the phobia of chainsaws called?
a: Common Sense

q: What's the difference between a cheap hooker and an expensive one?
a: You'll get crabs from the cheap one, and lobsters from the other. Heard this years ago, hope this ain't a repost. Cheers

q: What does a transvestite do on Christmas?
a: Eat, drink and be Mary

q: What did Putin say to Ukraine after invading?
a: Crimea River. 

q: Person A: Do you know the shelf life of Cocaine?
a: Person B: I don't know Person A: Nobody knows. Sniff

q: Why are none of my jokes funny?
a: Because I have a shitty sense of humor.

q: What do you call a squadron of baby soldiers?
a: Infantry.

q: What's the difference between Barack Obama and a mark on a gift?
a: One's a President and the other's a pressie dent. i'll see myself out.

q: How much cash can you make robbing an Indian restaurant?
a: As much as you can curry.

q: Birds can be dangerous. Do you know what's the primary risk that woodpeckers pose to women?
a: Splinters.

q: What do you call one Mexican on the moon?
a: A problem. What do you call two Mexicans on the moon? A bigger problem. What do you call all the Mexicans on the moon? Problem solved.

q: What's the dirtiest little thing that comes to bed with me?
a: ...my phone.

q: What is that new movie about?
a: About an hour

q: In what font does a mentally handicapped person write?
a: Comic downs

q: What does a short sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
a: They both have wet noses

q: What do exchange students and porn addicts have in common?
a: They both study abroad.

q: Did you know i DJ?
a: Yeah, but I only do it every unce in a while.

q: What do a bass guitar solo and peeing your pants have in common?
a: It's quiet and embarrassing.

q: What is a group of Pedophiles called?
a: A conclave!

q: Dude, did you hear Willy Nelson's gone..?
a: Yeah..he's on the road again.

q: Have you heard about the new car from Israel?
a: Not only does it stop on the dime, but it picks it up too!

q: What do you call an Arab oil baron with Parkinson's?
a: Sheik Shake

q: Where is the most ironic place to get a girl pregnant?
a: Abortion clinic.

q: What do you get when you have a great Dane, a Clydesdale, and a Prostitute?
a: A huge dog and pony show

q: What did the Australian grandmaster say to the banker, when asked what he wanted to exchange?
a: Check, mate!

q: What do you call a gay French baker?
a: A faguette

q: How do you know if you have an underbite?
a: When your eating pussy and it tastes like shit

q: What do you call a boat with a hole?
a: A sink.

q: Why do Americans spell it as 'color' and not 'colour'?
a: Because fuck u that's why.

q: What did one ape say to the the other ape?
a: "What did one ape say to the other ape. "

q: What do you call a seabird who's easily taken in?
a: Gullible.

q: If April showers bring May flowers, then what do May Flowers bring?
a: Genocide

q: Why couldn't the cat walk through the door?
a: it had a javelin through it's head.

q: Girlfriend Pissing You Off?
a: Text her "He's busy" and turn your phone off. 

q: Where do guys who buy hookers, mountain lions, and cantelopes go for the summer?
a: John Cougar Meloncamp An old joke I haven't heard in ages.

q: Why did the kid drop his ice cream?
a: Because the bus hit him.

q: Did you see the movie invisible?
a: I couldn't

q: Who makes more money: a prostitute or a drug dealer?
a: Depends on who has the best crack.

q: (Season 4 spoilers ) Why did a cock named Oberyn Martell kill the KFC cook?
a: "You raped her! ! You murdered her! ! You killed her children! !

q: Why is USA so gloomy?
a: Because only two parties exist for the whole country 

q: What's a golfer's favourite song?
a: Fairway to Heaven

q: Why was the socialist kicked from his party?
a: Because he was anti social.

q: Why do they put fences around graveyards?
a: Because people are dying to get in.

q: What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi?
a: There...their...they're..

q: What is the epitome of serendipity?
a: A man with a small penis realizing his hot new girlfriend has terrible depth perception.

q: What does a french sheep say?
a: Ca ba?

q: Why would anyone want to study the Earth and how it rotates?
a: I guess that some people just want to see the world turn

q: What do you call it when you make sandwiches at a sleepover?
a: Peanut butter and jammies!

q: what do you call an affluent black family in greenwich, ct?
a: mud wasps.  

q: Why was the Trail of Tears so hard on the Native Americans?
a: It's not easy to hike a trail when you're always falling down drunk. 

q: What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face?
a: Finding out it was traced.

q: Who would rule in a dog world ?
a: The pawlice.

q: What's got no teeth and smells?
a: The gearbox in the wife's car...

q: What happens to a frog that parks illegally?
a: He gets toad.

q: What kind of house does Fonzie live in?
a: An "A" frame...

q: Where are clowns from?
a: Chuckleslovakia

q: What do you call a karate expert with a father who has diarrhoea?
a: A chop happy chappy with a crap happy pappy.

q: Why does Helen Keller wear tight pants?
a: So you can read her lips!

q: What did the empty beer bottle say to the other beer bottle?
a: I'm just not hoppy anymore man

q: Why are all these prostitutes advertising?
a: And what the hell is an egg cunt anyway?  [OC]

q: How did Helen Keller's parents punish her?
a: They left the plunger in the toilet.

q: What do condoms prevent?
a: Minivans.

q: Did you hear about the narcoleptic hair stylist?
a: He dyed in his sleep. 

q: How are the Buffalo Bills like Billy Graham?
a: Both of them fill a stadium with 60,000 people shouting " "

q: How many IT guys does it take to Fix a printer?
a: Three, one suggests to check if it is plug in, another recommends to reboot the printer, and finally one to check to see if the printer had paper and laugh about how easy the solution was.

q: What is orange, and sounds like a parrot?
a: A carrot!

q: Why did the dick cross the road?
a: Because it was a transgender chicken!

q: What kind of bee can you milk?
a: A boobie..

q: What is the one thing wrong with a Piles joke?
a: It doesn't sit well.

q: What did one sandstorm at a nude beach say to the other?
a: Haboob

q: What does the polite racist say?
a: I will take over now, if you allow.

q: What's the best cure to a bad hangover?
a: A good personality

q: Why do nuns hate laundry day?
a: They always fall back on old habits.

q: What do you call a girl in between 2 houses?
a: Alane

q: Why did the servant of the Airplane King get executed?
a: He was not Boeing.

q: Doctor, How was the surgery?
a: surgery? But... was this not an autopsy???!!!

q: What do you call a cannibal who only eats coma patients?
a: A vegetarian. 

q: What did one nut say to the other nut?
a: Between you and me, our neighbor is a dick.

q: What happened to the defeatists poker business?
a: It folded.

q: What do you call a Halal pie?
a: Allah mode.

q: Did you know the first baseball game was held in the Garden of Eden?
a: Eve stole first, Adam stole second, and Abel struck out.

q: What do you get when you combine a watch with a dog?
a: An eternally suffering abomination...YOU MONSTER!

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic atheistic insomniac?
a: He lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: Whats does dissecting a frog and explaining a joke have in common?
a: Sure, you know how it works, but now it's dead.

q: Have you heard about that new movie with the poop?
a: Constipated? Naw, that's never gonna come out.

q: Russia is invading Ukraine?
a: US: "NATO my watch!"

q: Why do liberal courts don't work?
a: Because they don't like to judge anyone.

q: How does a Narcissist change a lightbulb?
a: He holds it up to the socket and the world revolves around him.

q: How do you find the fastest man in Africa?
a: Roll a penny down a hill.

q: Why did the grapes gang rape and sodomize the orange with a chain saw?
a: They found him aPEELing.

q: Do cucumbers make anyone else burp?
a: Or am I shoving mine up to far?

q: How do you get into a haunted house?
a: By using a spookey!

q: How do you define a will?
a: Hint: It's a dead giveaway.

q: why didn't the rabbit like his beer?
a: not enough hops

q: What do you get when you cross an owl with a bunjee cord?
a: My ass!

q: 50/50- What do you get when you put 50 lawyers in a room with 50 lesbians?
a: One hundred people who don't do dick.

q: Why did little Jimmy break open his computer?
a: It said that it had 20 cookies in it.

q: How do Communists achieve a revolution every single year?
a: They planet!

q: A Jew and a black man play basketball in a gas chamber, who wins?
a: The Jew, home court advantage

q: Heya /r/jokes! do you want to know how to keep a loser in suspense?
a: I might tell you tomorrow.

q: Why did Megan fall off the swing?
a: Because she had no arms.  Knock Knock.  Whose there?? Not Megan.

q: Where do Italian gangsters come from?
a: The spaghetto

q: How do you measure love?
a: In hertz! 

q: What do you call Detroit's trash?
a: Detroitus

q: How many people live in the lower part of Italy?
a: There are literally Sicilians. 

q: What sound does an emo cow make?
a: Amumu

q: Who is responsible for a planes rough landing?
a: It's not the passengers fault, it's the not the flight attendants fault, it's the asphalt. 

q: Why didn't Hitler talk to Jews?
a: He had Auschwitzim

q: Why do black people always finish first in a running race?
a: There's a KFC at the end of the finish line.

q: What's long and hard and has cum in it?
a: A cucumber 

q: What do you call an Irish basketball player with a sore back?
a: Hunch-black of Notre Dame

q: What do you do if you see a space man?
a: Park your car man.

q: Why did it take so long for the postie to deliver the missing jigsaw piece?
a: He had a bit of a puzzle in his hands

q: Anyone want to come over for a topless pizza party?
a: I'll supply the dough, you bring the toppings.

q: Why did the Mexican man push his wife off a cliff?
a: tequila

q: What do you call a Jew with Down Syndrome?
a: A baked potato.

q: What exactly is dissassociative identity disorder?
a: I've heard of it but don't know what it means?

q: What did the scientist see when he looked up his family tree?
a: A gorilla pooped on his face.

q: Its poor! But, What happens when Supper stars fart in public?
a: lol 

q: What's the definition of a redneck virgin?
a: A 7 year-old girl who can run faster than her brothers.

q: What did Bruce Banner get after having sex with as prostitute?
a: a HULK RASH!!!!

q: Why did Helen Keller fire her maid?
a: Cuz she left the plunger in the toilet. - Jackie Martling

q: Did you know there are two different types of people in the world?
a: Boys and girls.

q: What's the worst part about going down on a vegan?
a: They taste like chicken.

q: What are Pirate clothes made of?
a: Yarrrrrn.

q: What type of seat does a Drummer sit on?
a: A percushion

q: What's the worst part about going down on a black girl?
a: Cotton mouth

q: What do you call a Latino whos car got nicked?
a: Carlos-t

q: What has 4 eyes and cannot see?
a: Mississippi.

q: What did Meghan Trainor say when she got mugged?
a: Please sir, I don't want any treble.

q: Why did I wear no jeans today?
a: my supply was short.

q: What did the purple policeman say as he threw the purple man into jail?
a: INDIGO!

q: What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers?
a: Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way

q: How does a T-Rex apologize?
a: He says Tyrannosorry.  

q: How good are the showers at Auschwitz?
a: They're to die for.

q: What does one toilet say to the other?
a: "I heard some shits about to go down!"

q: Why's it taking so long to legalise gay marriage in the whole of the US?
a: I mean, America had four fathers and it turned out alright

q: How do assassins pay for stuff on the internet?
a: hitcoin

q: What do you call a drunk dinosaur?
a: A stagger-saurus. 

q: What did Buddy Fletcher, accused ponzi scheme runner and husband of reddit's CEO, say to the duck?
a: [deleted]

q: What did the ocean say?
a: Nothing, he just waved.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Bob. Bob who?
a: Bob Jones.  

q: Why do feminists support gun control?
a: They don't like triggers

q: Did you hear about the 80 year old woman that tried to kill herself?
a: She was told that the most effective way would be to shoot herself through the heart, just below her left breast... She woke up in hospital with a gunshot wound to her knee.

q: Why was the strawberry sad?
a: His mom was in a jam!

q: What technology are old people better at using than young people?
a: Life support.

q: What caused The Black Death?
a: The police. 

q: How much power does it take to move a tank?
a: A horse

q: What do you call a white guy who's beating someone in the street?
a: Officer.

q: How many Social Justice Warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, just the one black guy they get to do it so they can tell him how oppressed he is.

q: What's got no teeth, and smells?
a: The gearbox in my wife's car.

q: Did you hear about the midget that finally came to terms with his homosexuality?
a: He just came out of the cupboard.

q: Ever hear about the Jesus Bomb?
a: Red bull and merlot

q: Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's?
a: Q:Why are all Quaker truck drivers stuck in the 1980's? A: Because they are Haulin' Oats!

q: What do you call a musical sheep group?
a: An Alcapelca... yeah that was bad.. sorry world..

q: What kind of car does a ghost drive?
a: A boogati!

q: Where do you see yourself in five years?
a: I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision.

q: What's the trickiest part of a penis transplant?
a: Finding a donor. Truth is funnier than fiction. Got this one straight from today's   Smithsonian  .

q: How do you clean a seat for a woman?
a: Wipe your face

q: Why did the Bee get married?
a: Because she found her honey!

q: What sits down but doesn't get back up?
a: A redditor.

q: What do you call a 10 ten old Irish boy who doesn't go to church?
a: A virgin

q: What changed to make The Fantastic Four the Fantastic Three?
a: Nothing.

q: What Happened when Feminist's found out about Reddit?
a: Well they [deleted]

q: What does a prostitute have in common with Sting?
a: They both stop sucking when The Police are around.

q: What did the tailor tell the thieving nun when he caught her red-handed?
a: You better not make a habit out of this.

q: Did you know the first sniper was a Mexican?
a: Juan shot, Juan kill.

q: Why wouldn't Pope Pius bless any helicopters when they were first manufactured?
a: Because whenever one started up, the big blades would go "wop...wop... wop" and the little blades would go "guineaguineaguinea".

q: What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink?
a: Wataaahh 

q: What do you call a phobia of chainsaws?
a: Common sense

q: What did the scientist say at the bar?
a: I'd like some H20 please.

q: How do you convince your neighbor to share their water with you?
a: Try to get a long well.

q: How do you add up a mountain?
a: You summit.

q: What do you call a female accountant?
a: An accountant you sexist fucker.

q: What did the musician say when he went back in time?
a: I'll be Bach.

q: What does an alcoholic neckbeard drink for breakfast?
a: M'mosa

q: What is the cheapest meat available?
a: Deer Balls.   They're under a buck!

q: What did the neckbeard say when he was punched in the throat?
a: M'Larynx 

q: What happens when a frog's car breaks down?
a: It gets toad away

q: What do you call a place showcasing gay people in their natural environment?
a: A queerium

q: Why did Mrs. Quartz divorce Mr. Quartz?
a: He took her for granite. 

q: Why does Jesus and bartenders have so much in common?
a: Bcoz they are single, have no kids, got nailed and serve alcoholic beverage.

q: How many femenists does it *really* take to change a lightbulb?
a: Doesn't matter how many femenists try, they can't change anything. Alternatively, they just hold it up and wait for the world to revolve around them. 

q: Went to the Optician the other day, guess whom I bumped into?
a: Everyone.

q: What type of people are the worst?
a: Answer: Teenage girls. Why? Because they are cunts. 

q: How many students does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to hold the light bulb and one to drink until the room spins.

q: What's the maximum velocity while having sex?
a: 68, cause at 69 you flip over

q: What did the bean say to the other bean?
a: How have you been?

q: What do you call a resturaunt for bulemia victims?
a: "The Empty Plate"

q: How many MRAs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. They just blame feminism for the darkness.

q: What's every vehicle's favorite style of dance?
a: Brakedance.

q: How many Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one. They are very efficient and don't have much of a sense of humor.

q: Did you hear about the adult entertainment business for religious visionaries?
a: It was really successful - the prophets just kept on coming

q: How are butter and a prostitute similar?
a: They both spread for bread

q: Why couldn't the Soviet Union get anything done?
a: They were always either Russian or Stalin.

q: What do you call an experienced Nazi doctor who treats animals?
a: A veteran Aryan

q: What did the flower couple call their two babies?
a: Poli, Nate

q: What is the best kind of vegetable?
a: The one in the wheelchair.

q: What did the Irishman text his Wife?
a: "Honey I'm down at the pub having a pint with the lads.  Be home in about 30 min.  If I'm not back by then please read this message again."

q: How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke?
a: Two. One to post it and another to create a better punchline in the comments.

q: What do you call a bowl on the internet?
a: Ebola

q: Did you know that Stalin suffered from bulimia?
a: He didn't binge, though, he just purged.

q: Q:Whats is fat ugly and gives good head?
a: A:Your mom OOOOOOOooooooOOOOOOooooo

q: What is the most commonly used phrase at a gay bar?
a: Can I push your stool in?

q: What does bread do when it wants to get married...?
a: It e-loaf-es! :)

q: How many tries does it take to get to the front page?
a: A LOT.

q: What kind of pants to Mario and Luigi wear?
a: Denim denim denim...denim denim demin I'll see myself out now...thank you

q: What travels down an alley and has holes in it?
a: A bowling ball.  Or Bruce Wayne's parents. 

q: What does a hippy say when you ask him to leave?
a: Namaste

q: what makes a good pun?
a: An amazing PUN-chline. it has to be a real knockout

q: What does a math teacher do when he has hemorrhoids?
a: He works them out with a pencil.

q: What does Math stand for?
a: Mental Abuse To Humans

q: How many menstruating women does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: That's not funny.

q: What do you call a bee's rear end?
a: A Bee-Hind

q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?
a: She fell out of the tree! I may not be a girl, but I'm blonde and find blonde jokes hilarious. xD

q: Wanna hear a short joke?
a: Your penis.

q: How do you shoot a blue elephant?
a: With a blue elephant gun. You hold his trunk until he turns blue, then you shoot him with the blue elephant gun Edit: My 5 year old nephew loves this joke. 

q: Were you born in another country?
a: Because I'd like to put foreign you.

q: Guess what???
a: Chickenbutt

q: Why did the sauce need a night light?
a: Because he was alfredo the dark!

q: What's the opposite of evening?
a: unevening.

q: How does a tauren hide in a cherry tree?
a: He paints his hooves red.

q: What's Jeffrey Dahmers favorite ice cream?
a: Ben and Jerry's....

q: What's the difference between a saxophone and a chainsaw?
a: You can tune a chainsaw.

q: Why did the mother bear ask the baby bear to wear shoes before he ran through the forest?
a: Because he was barefooted!!!

q: What were Hitler's favorite kind of lights?
a: Heil lights.

q: What do you call an oblivious wolf?
a: Unawerewolf

q: Why do OP's jokes suck?
a: Because it's all about the delivery.

q: How do you say "Jesus take the wheel" in Arabic?
a: Allah take the flight controls

q: What does a mobster buried in cement eventually become?
a: A hardened criminal.

q: What did the stone say to the hill?
a: Let's Rock and Roll. 

q: Thought up a reddit joke today. When is a triangle a rectangle?
a: When it fails

q: Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?
a: Because she will "Let It Go.

q: What's the worst part of a vacuum?
a: Nothing.

q: What do Africans eat for breakfast?
a: Ebola Cereal

q: Where is Jennifer's husband?
a: Jennifer is 21 years older than her son Douglas. 6 years from now, Jennifer will be 5 times as old as Douglas. Question: Where is Jennifer's husband? Solution: J=D+21 J+6=5(D+6) According to my math, Douglas has 3/4 years, which means -9 months. Pregnancy lasts for nine months, so Jennifer's husband is in the bed with her right now. Sauce: 

q: What's the downside to dating a Mermaid?
a: Her clam smells like fish!

q: What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
a: You only need one nail to hang up the picture.

q: Why does Usain Bolt hate asians?
a: Because he is a racist.

q: What kind of money do they use on superman's home planet?
a: Kryptocurrency

q: Whats worst than a super long joke?
a: A short one with no punchline 

q: How can you tell if your roommate's gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit

q: How do meth users get the money to buy their drugs?
a: The toothfairy.

q: What's Darth Vader's sister's name?
a: Elle Vader. 

q: What did the chauffeur say to the newlyweds as they passed the last rest stop?
a: Speak now, or forever hold your piss.

q: What sound does a Baroque chicken make?
a: Bach Bach Bach Bach

q: What do you call a TV award an Italian mobster cheated to win?
a: Rigatoni

q: What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
a: My refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out of it.

q: What's the perfect line of work for a lizard?
a: Re-tail.

q: What did the left butt cheek say to the right?
a: If we stick together we can stop this shit. 

q: Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days?
a: I dunno, they just seem a bit shady.

q: What did the 2 say to the 3?
a: Do you even, bro?

q: What's the difference between your girlfriend on her period and a terrorist?
a: You can negotiate with a terrorist.

q: What's dumber than a box of rocks?
a: The hippie carrying it.  What's dumber than that? The yuppie buying it.  What's dumber than that? The box of rocks

q: What do you call a black political figure?
a: A  gressman

q: What does a pirate say on his 80th birthday?
a: Aye Matey!  (Edit: Say it out loud if you don't get it)

q: What do you do with a dog that doesn't have any legs?
a: You take him for a drag.

q: What's the only type of dog that doesn't bark?
a: A dogfish!

q: Why is vagina better than cake?
a: Because you can have your vagina and eat it, too!

q: What is it called when a blind deaf man commits murder?
a: Senseless Slaughter... 

q: Have you heard that awesome joke that's reposted all the time?
a: No, because it's no longer awesome. Thanks.

q: What's the difference between a piano, a tuna and a jar of glue?
a: You: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Person getting told joke: What about the jar of glue? You: I knew you'd get stuck there

q: Have you heard of the paedophile comedian?
a: Even when he's not joking, he's kidding.

q: What's the forecast for Mexico?
a: Chili today, Hot Tamale...

q: Why doesn't the veteran have a blow-up sex doll?
a: Because of the flashbacks.

q: Have you heard that hilarious joke about Hellen Keller?
a: Neither has she.

q: What should you do if you see a spaceman?
a: Park in it, man.

q: What do couch potatoes evolve into?
a: Computer chips.

q: Why did Pinocchio's nose get longer?
a: Because he told his wife he cheated on her.

q: Why did Mr Ohm marry Mrs Ohm?
a: Because he couldn't resistor... Old but classic!

q: Why do athletes like Sports Illustrated Magazine so much?
a: There's nothing athletes want more to see in a magazine than sports and illustrations.

q: What kind of animal goes "LMAO"?
a: Hy-Ayy-nas

q: Why does Thor have insomnia?
a: He's up all night to get Loki.

q: What pier is disliked by almost everybody?
a: Piers Morgan.

q: Hey did you hear about the Red and Blue ships that collided?
a: They were Marooned.

q: Whats George Zimmerman's favorite song?
a: Blame it on the night

q: Do you wanna hear a reverse joke?
a: You start to laugh, than I will tell you that.

q: What do you call a Mexican that lives on a hill?
a: Slopz

q: Is Rick Moranis dead?
a: or just his career?

q: So how do monks stay warm in the snow covered peaks and whatnot?
a: they have a shawl in temple

q: What does soylent green taste like?
a: It varies from person to person. 

q: What did the racist chef say to Lenny Kravitz?
a: Get to the back of the oven...

q: Why do chicken coups have two doors?
a: Because if they had 4 doors they'd be a chicken sedan.

q: How did Hitler lose the race?
a: He didn't reich the finish line.

q: A Chicken coop has two doors, what would it be called if it had four?
a: A Chicken Sedan

q: What's the difference between funny jokes, and the jokes that make always make it big on reddit?
a: Puns.  Fuck puns.

q: What do you call a legless nun?
a: Virgin immobile. Loosely based off the nun in a wheelchair joke.  

q: What do you call it when Britain, Russia, and France make a sexual pun before WWI?
a: A triple Entendre. History jokes, man. they're killers.

q: What do you call a Black man flying a plane?
a: ..A pilot you fuckin racists

q: What do you call a pirate from Ireland??
a: Arrrish

q: What's the capital of Massachusetts?
a: M

q: What does the window do when the sun shines on it?
a: It gets Blinded I excuse myself out.

q: What's a short, dirty joke that gets a laugh every time?
a: Your penis. 

q: What goes clip clop clip clop BANG clip clop clip clop?
a: An Amish drive by shooting.

q: Guess what the little boy with no hands got for his birthday?
a: I don't know.  He still hasn't opened it.

q: Why is there no Dick's sporting goods in Hawaii?
a: Nobody grew the balls to do it.

q: Why do Leprechauns always laugh as they run across a field?
a: The grass tickles their balls

q: Why did Oscar Pistorius lose his court case?
a: He hadn't got a leg to stand on.

q: What do you call a color that doesn't exist?
a: A pigment of your imagination.

q: what do you call 6 hwy workers and 6 lesbians on the side of the road?
a: a dozen people that don't do dick.

q: Did you hear about the farmer who's wife left him?
a: She left him a "John Deere" letter

q: Why was Herbert Hoover such a controversial president?
a: Because he never let the dust settle.

q: What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination?
a: HAND EYEEEEE..........

q: Have you heard about the two gay ghosts?
a: They gave each other the willies.

q: Why can't two Asian parents have a Caucasian baby?
a: Two Wongs don't make a white

q: For the Day that's in it: What did Saint Patrick say as he drove the snakes out of Ireland?
a: Are ye alright in the back there lads?

q: What did one casket say to the other casket?
a: Hey, is that you coffin?  Ba-dum-tsk...

q: What do you call a cow with no legs??
a: Ground Beef

q: Why did the Girl fall off the swing?
a: She had no arms.

q: Why did the baker rob the deer park?
a: He kneaded the doe.   (Doesn't work too well in text)

q: Why did the football team sack the hairy goalkeeper?
a: Because he rarely shaved the balls.

q: What did the fire say the morning of his birthday?
a: I'm stoked!

q: What does an empathetic kleptomaniac do in an argument?
a: He puts himself in the other person's shoes and then walks away.

q: What do you call an anticlimactic punchline?
a: "This is an actual question"

q: How do you piss Voldemort off?
a: play got your nose with him

q: Why did the girls fall off the swing?
a: Someone threw a fridge at her. It's not supposed to make sense

q: What do the leaders of ISIS drink after a victory?
a: Bombay.

q: What do you get if a convict goes camping?
a: Criminal Intent.

q: What do you call a mouse named Bob who's having an existential crisis?
a: Bob.

q: Why are Canadian Jews so poor?
a: Because there are no pennies to pick up off the ground.

q: What do you get when you cross a vulture with a machine gun?
a: As far away as possible.  shameful 

q: Did you hear about the guy who got the left side of his body cut off?
a: He was all right.  Andddd I'll see myself out.

q: How do you sort out Ant and Dec?
a: Squash one and deal with the other later.

q: What does the right kidney say to the left one when he is mad at the other?
a: Don't make me stone you to death..

q: Who does Batman call when he needs to cool down his expensive drinks?
a: The Just-Ice League.

q: What's the highest thing in existence?
a: A female's issues. They won't ever be able to get over them.

q: What do you call it when you get stuck into a shotgun wedding with a Czech?
a: Checkmate!

q: In honour of St Patrick's day, can you guess my Irish name?
a: Pat MiGroin.  Yeah, my grandpa just told me that one...some visual images cannot be unseen. 

q: How Did Harry Potter Get Down The Hill?
a: Walking. Jk Rowling.

q: What was built after the Indian sandwich maker's shop burned down?
a: A New Delhi

q: What did the clock say when he was finished having sex?
a: The time has come.

q: Why did the horny girl go to Subway?
a: For a $5 footlong.

q: What did the vertebrate say to the invertebrate?
a: Always thought you was a bit spineless.

q: Two kittens are on a slanted roof, which one slides off first?
a: The one with the least mew.

q: What is a Coronation Street resident's least favourite football team?
a: Tramnear Rovers

q: How is this joke similar to a musical about a thesaurus?
a: Both are a play on words.

q: How do you catch a unique cat?
a: Unique up on it.

q: Why did Waldo only wear stripes?
a: Because he didn't want to be spotted. 

q: Did you hear about the Pharaoh getting kicked out of the Grammy's?
a: I guess that's what happens when you toot on Common.

q: What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe?
a: Rubberto

q: What's the difference between an ass kisser and a brown noser?
a: About 2 inches.

q: What's the most googled word in Mozilla Firefox?
a: Chrome.

q: What happened before the Big Bang?
a: The Big Foreplay. 

q: Whats Putins favourite food?
a: Ukrainian take away.

q: What is the difference between light and hard?
a: Well, you can sleep with a light on.

q: Why was the father centipede annoyed?
a: Because all of his children needed new shoes.

q: How many disappointments can you fit into a van?
a: I don't know, I can't get them outside of the house. 

q: Have you heard about the Rwandan massacre?
a: They don't know Hutu blame.

q: What does a dirty hippie say after you ask him to get off your couch?
a: Namaste

q: What do you get if you cross a drummer with Mike Tyson?
a: A beatboxer.

q: What's purple and chained to my front porch?
a: That's my nigger and I'll paint him whatever color I want!

q: What did the psychiatrist say to the patient that showed up wearing Saran Wrap and nothing else?
a: I can clearly see your nuts!

q: How do you make Obama's eyes light up?
a: Shine a flashlight in his ears

q: What nationality are Sprinters?
a: They Russian. I'll also see myself out.

q: Why do fish always sing off key?
a: You can't tuna fish.

q: What did the elevator say to the escalator?
a: Do you even lift?

q: What clothes do lawyers wear to work?
a: Lawsuits.

q: What do you call a soldier that got attacked by mustard gas and pepper spray??
a: A seasoned veteran

q: What do you call an evil cat, who only lives to be an ass hole?
a: A cat.

q: What do you call a Greek skydiver?
a: Condescending

q: Why are librarians so shy?
a: Their occupation makes them very shelf conscious.

q: Hey, man. Can I get a cold one?
a: "Sorry sir, the morgue is closed after 6."

q: Why doesn't Mexico win Olympic Medals?
a: Because all their best runners, jumpers, and swimmers are in America.

q: What did the gay deer say after leaving the bar?
a: I can't believe I blew 50 bucks back there!

q: What's your blud type bob?
a: Typo

q: Wanna hear a joke about my penis?
a: Nevermid, it's too long.

q: Pretty offensive joke: Why does all Turkish men have a mustache?
a: because they wanna look like their mother.

q: What game do lesbians like to play?
a: Clash of Clams

q: How did the rednecks find their sister?
a: Pretty good.

q: What's something that some people don't get about jokes with sexual innuendo?
a: That it's a fucking joke.

q: Why do the Dutch enjoy Belgian jokes so much?
a: They're cheap.

q: What do you call a guy with no body and no nose?
a: Nobody knows

q: Why does the blood bank never make mistakes?
a: Because they're typo negative

q: What do you call a kid with no arms and no legs?
a: Names

q: Can somebody please hand me a knife?
a: This fork just isn't cutting it.

q: Why do black people get hit by cars more during winter time?
a: Because they're easier to spot

q: What do you call a 7 year old redneck girl who can run faster than her brothers?
a: A virgin.

q: What did the yogi have for breakfast?
a: an lette

q: Did you know that Kraft is building a factory in Jerusalem?
a: They're calling the operation Cheesus of Nazareth...

q: What country has many sugar?
a: sweetzerland

q: What is a creationist's favorite button in pokemon?
a: B to cancel evolution

q: What education program did Eric Wright enroll in?
a: ECE

q: What does a beer say when it's cold?
a: Buuuurrrrrr!!!

q: Why is everyone afraid of Vladimir Putin?
a: Because Vlad is Putin everyone in their place. I'll let myself out.

q: How do you make five pounds of fat attractive?
a: You put a nipple on it.

q: How do you piss off a white guy?
a: Tell him he is racist. 

q: What's red and green and spins round & round & round?
a: A frog in a blender. 

q: Why did the Khmer Rouge smoke weed?
a: Because Pol Pot's followers are called Potheads.

q: What does a philosopher put his/her food on?
a: A contemplate

q: What is the worst thing about getting hit in the face with PI?
a: It never ends.

q: What do you call Annoying Orange and his gang having sex?
a: An Orangy

q: What did the sadist do to the masochist?
a: Nothing.

q: Why is the door to heaven always open?
a: Because Jesus was born in a barn.

q: What do you feel when there's no coffee left?
a: Depresso

q: What do you call a fake Irish diamond?
a: A shamrock.

q: What was Osama bin Laden's favorite drink?
a: Jager bombs

q: Fruit flies can fly, but most fruit can't, do you know which one can?
a: Banana Skin

q: Why shouldn't you tell a philosophy major a joke?
a: They don't find them Hume-erous.

q: You know what would be ironic?
a: If People were made of irons.

q: What do you call someone that likes to show off her ovaries?
a: An eggshibitionist

q: What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food?
a: A torque-y sandwich.

q: [In honor of Leonard Nimoy] How many ears does Spock have?
a: Three.  A left ear, a right ear, and a final frontier.

q: How much electricity is in the ground?
a: 1 Terrahertz

q: Why didn't the mason jar need a paternity test?
a: Because the resemblance was uncanny.

q: Did you hear about the sequel to Snakes on a Plane with giant, poisonous centipedes?
a: It got cancelled.  There wasn't enough legroom. 

q: Which fraternity was George Lucas in during College?
a: Psi Phi.

q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work?
a: A stick. I'll see myself out now.

q: In honor of Pi Day: Who founded the round table?
a: Sir Cumference

q: What do you call an angry toilet?
a: Pissed off

q: What did I say when my Neutrogena products worked?
a: well I'm glad I've gotten that cleared up

q: Did you hear about the incompetent circumciser?
a: He slipped and got the sack.

q: If Oliver Stone is being a stone and Michael Bay is being a bay, then what is Anthony Weiner being?
a: Bullied

q: What did the cow say when she got hit by a car?
a: "Moo." What did the cow saw when she fell into a ditch? "Moo." What did the cow say when she fell onto the electric fence? "Moo." What did the cow say when she got hit by a train? "Why does everything always happen to meeee?" Protip: My dad wrote this joke for me when I was six.

q: Why can't ovaries sail a boat?
a: Because they are not sea-men.

q: You know what the worlds best play on words is?
a: Scrabble. 

q: What do you call the memory of a camping trip?
a: Past Tents

q: What goes: 'click' is that it? 'click' is that it? 'click' is that it?
a: A blind guy with a rubix cube

q: How does a Jew make his tea?
a: Hebrews it!

q: How do you fit 100 Jews in a car?
a: 2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 95 in the ashtray.

q: You know why those automatic sensor sinks save water?
a: Because none of them fucking work

q: Why are a good majority of Americans obese?
a: At least the food won't take away their rights. Do a little oppression of their own. 

q: Why don't they have a concert on the moon?
a: No atmosphere

q: Did you hear about the gay guy who got in a car accident?
a: Some dick rear-ended him.

q: How did Maxwell greet Ampre?
a: Good Faraday to you, sir!

q: What do you call a Polish dancer?
a: A stripper 

q: Why does OP never deliver?
a: [removed]

q: What is a ghosts favourite job?
a: Tax Inspectre

q: What is it called when a criminal gets excited?
a: A Con-Yay!

q: Why hasn't Harper Lee had any kids?
a: Because she's never spoonfed anyone anything.

q: What's worse: Alzheimer or Parkinson?
a: Alzheimer. I'd rather drink my beer shaking than forget to to drink it.

q: Am I a real polar bear?
a: A baby polar bear says to his mum, "Mum, am I a real polar bear?" and his mother smiles at him and answers, "Why yes sweetheart, of course you're a real polar bear. Your father is a real polar bear, his father before him, and as far back as I can remember, we are all real polar bears, through and through. Why ever do you ask, honey?" To which her son replies, "Because I'm fucking freezing."

q: What do you get when you cross a lawnmower and a canary?
a: Shredded tweet.

q: You wanna know about hippie sex?
a: It's in tents.

q: What's the best way to fit 30 Jews in a 5 passenger car?
a: 30 in the ashtray

q: Where do mice park their boats?
a: At the Hickory Dickory Dock!

q: What religion do ghosts practice?
a: Boo-ddhism

q: Did you here about the guy who's whole left side was cut off?
a: He's all right now.

q: Who do you think was smarter, Jesus or Buddha?
a: I mean, just in terms of not letting themselves get crucified.

q: How do you feel about euthanasia?
a: I think we can exploit them by increasing our amount of sweatshops.

q: What's the driest joke you ever heard of?
a: Your mom's pussy

q: Why did Michael Jackson invent the Moonwalk?
a: It was a great way to get out of kids' bedrooms unheard.

q: How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: WANNA RIDE BIKES???

q: Ground control to Kerbal III, how willing would you be to share your proximity to the equator?
a: We have zero inclination.

q: What do you tell a mathematician if he does drugs?
a: You're high-on-pot...enuse. Thanks Key&Peele, I'll see myself out.

q: Where's the best place to go on the first date?
a: All the way

q: What do you call banana shoes?
a: Slippers.

q: Whats the best part about living in Switzerland?
a: Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.

q: What sound does a piano make when falling down a mine shaft?
a: A-flat minor.

q: What's red and goes up and down?
a: A tomato in an elevator.

q: Why can't you run in a campground?
a: Because you ran: It's past tents. I'll show myself out. 

q: Why should you never trust advice from a group of gryphons?
a: Half of them are lyin'.

q: What's a similarity between anal sex and spinach?
a: What's a similarity between anal sex and spinach? If one or the other was forced upon you as a child, you won't like it as an adult.

q: What's worse than having your car impounded by the police?
a: Impounding your mother

q: What do you call a Graveyard built on sandstone?
a: A sedimentary.

q: Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F?
a: Because we're all a little obtuse.

q: What do you call an Asian who breaks a lot of wind?
a: Fa Ting

q: What's blue and smells like red painting?
a: Blue painting

q: Did anyone hear of the Pi that was missing the number 5?
a: I heard it was quintessential.

q: What do you call a short Native American programmer?
a: A Little Endian -I'll get the door.

q: Why didn't galactus consume the milky way?
a: He was galactose-intolerant. I'm sorry.

q: What did the Germans name the Israeli Submarine?
a: Das Jude

q: What do you call a cholo with one leg shorter than the other?
a: A Crip

q: How did the Vagina want her eggs cooked?
a: Ovaries-y

q: Cmo frijoles?
a: How you bean?

q: What would you do?
a: Two policemen call the station on the radio. "Hello. Is that you Sarge?" "Yes?" "We have a case here. A woman has shot her husband for stepping on the floor she had just mopped clean." "Have you arrested the woman?" "No sir. The floor is still wet.

q: How do you find out that a cricket hears with its legs?
a: First, you put the cricket on a box, tap the box, and you see that the cricket jumps away. Now, you cut his legs off, put him on a box, tap the box, and you'll see that the cricket does not jump away.

q: What country always follows Zimbabwe?
a: Zimbab-Bee!

q: How do you kill a bear without a weapon?
a: With your bare hands.

q: What's the most racist letter of the alphabet?
a: Not Z.

q: Has legs, but don't walk... has feathers but it is not a chicken... What it is?
a: A dead horse with a duster in his ass

q: Why did Moe finally decide to kill of Homer Simpson's son?
a: he realized he was a Bartender

q: What did the smart chicken say to the stupid chicken?
a: Baaaa......Baka....Baka....Baka! 

q: You know what is the most hated letter in alphabet?
a: U. Fuck U.

q: If you commit 90 sins, u will get caught 45 times. Why?
a: Because  Sin 90 = Cot 45!

q: How many Estonians you need to build a house in Finland ?
a: Who knows, there is no tax record of it.

q: What do you call a patella that sleeps around too much?
a: Whore knee

q: How do cities decide who gets to be in charge of wastewater management?
a: They hold a runoff election.

q: Why can't women enjoy porn as much as men?
a: They can tell when the girls are faking it. (This joke best after a few drinks)

q: what's it called when a duck farfs?
a: A butt quack.  Hahahahha I'm funny ...

q: What did the Physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech?
a: What did the Physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech? Give me a moment...ummmm.(momentum)

q: How many kittens can you stuff into a microwave for 15 minutes on defrost...?
a: SEVEN.

q: What kind of punch hurts children the most?
a: A sandy hook.

q: What do you call a disembodied nose?
a: Nobody nose. My 8-year-old niece claims she made this up. I have my doubts.

q: What do you call a raft full of black people?
a: Smoke on the water. ... My most sincere apologies.

q: What's green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit The Frog's fingers.

q: When/why do feminists hate cannibals?
a: When they make sandwiches, because they're man-spreading.

q: What does a Mexican Morpheus say?
a: Neo, you are the Juan ... I'll show myself the door...

q: What is the difference between my dad and cancer?
a: Cancer came back 

q: What do you get when you have seven dragon balls?
a: Nothing! This is real life.

q: What is a mexican's favourite sport?
a: Cross-Country Running

q: If Hannibal Lector is not a vegetarian, what is he?
a: A humanitarian. 

q: What are the four words that you least want to hear, after having blown Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."

q: what do you call a rhinoceros mixed with george washington?
a: hell if i know.

q: Why don't you hear any knock knock jokes about America?
a: Because freedom rings.

q: What is green and smells like pork?
a: Kermit The Frog's finger. 

q: Do you remember the name of the Italian/Vietnamese restaurant we went to?
a: Yeah! It was great, how could I "Pho-get-abouttit"

q: What do fish do when they are angry with each other?
a: They coral

q: Why was the bi-sexual man so healthy?
a: Because he ate plenty of fruits and vag.

q: What's the difference between Tuna, a Piano, and a bottle of Glue?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!

q: Why do republicans hate math?
a: They were never comfortable with integration.

q: Geology rocks! Geometry rules! Can you think of anymore?
a: I've always liked the joke from "Friends", that Ross has geology rocks! written in his childhood notepad. I also thought you could say geometry rules! Can you guys think of any others?

q: Why are atoms untrustworthy?
a: They make up everything. Credit to   from an askreddit thread about what not to trust.

q: What is the difference between a GOOD and a BAD girl?
a: What is the difference between a GOOD and a BAD girl?  A GOOD girl goes to a party, goes home then goes to bed.  A BAD girl goes to a party, goes to bed then goes home.

q: Q: What do you call a home sexual on roller skates?
a: A: rolaids

q: What do you call a dyslexic insomniac philosopher?
a: A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.

q: What do you call a group of Spaniards in quicksand?
a: Bean dip

q: Why does the U.S. Government hate winter?
a: Because everything isis

q: What does a rich fat Englishman gain?
a: Lots of Pounds.

q: What is the worst dinosaur to take to a restaurant?
a: A pretentious connoisseurous.

q: Why did the robot become a museum curator?
a: Because he was an Art-Offical Intelligence 

q: What's long and hard and full of seamen?
a: A submarine

q: [Request an Explanation] Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil. What does this joke mean?

q: Did you hear about the new condoms for frogs?
a: They're rrrrribbet for her pleasure!

q: How did Reddit not fell down yet?
a: I mean, it is only hanging by threads...

q: Why aren't cowboys circumcised?
a: So they have somewhere to put their dip at lunch. 

q: Why did little Johnny lose his ice cream?
a: He got his by a bus.  My little brother just told me this!

q: Why do ducks have flat feet?
a: So they can stamp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? So they can stamp out flaming ducks.

q: What's the Mexican version of the Klan?
a: Qu Qu Qu

q: What do you call a dirty Jew?
a: Alive.

q: What do you call a greedy crab?
a: Shell fish......

q: The difference between a rooster and a lawyer?
a: When the rooster wakes, his primal urge is to cluck defiance.

q: Did you hear about the French chef that committed suicide?
a: He lost the huile d'olive. 

q: What is a six figure income?
a: 9 year old Nephew: Triangle?? No Square??

q: What do you call a Mexican supremacist organization against civil rights?
a: The Que Que Que.

q: A gay and a lesbian are going to the airport. Who gets there first?
a: The lesbian. She got there lickity split while the gay guy was still packing his shit. 

q: Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize?
a: Because he was outstanding in his field. 

q: What thinks the unthinkable?
a: An itheberg.

q: What do you call a black man on the ISS?
a: An astronaut.

q: What does the German wheat farmer say to his wife in the morning?
a: Gluten Morgen!

q: Did you hear they found a dead ice cream vendor covered in sprinkles?
a: Police are saying he topped himself.

q: Why did Fred put band aids in the refrigerator?
a: He wanted cold cuts.

q: Where did the girl go when the bomb exploded?
a: Everywhere.

q: Are you a moment of Inertia?
a: Because you're MR (squared)

q: What did they find in the toilet in the star ship Enterprise?
a: The captain's log.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline?
a: You take off your boots to jump on a trampoline 

q: Q; What do you call two fleas on top of a bald head?
a: A: Homeless. 

q: How many children with Attention Deficit Disorder does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Let's go ride our bikes!

q: What do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What do 0/10 little boys enjoy?
a: Catholic priests

q: What was Jesus's least favorite bone?
a: The blasfemur

q: What do you call a Korean bulldog?
a: A bul-dog-gi

q: What is the difference between a midget politician and syphilis?
a: One is a cunning runt.

q: You know what's a weird Irish name?
a: Patty O'furniture.

q: What happened when Billy Mays's ghost floated into the rave?
a: Everyone started partying like it was $19.99.

q: You eat what?
a: Knock knock Who's there? I eat mop. I eat mop who!

q: Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road?
a: It didn't want to get stuck in any cracks.

q: What do you call a wolf that is cautious?
a: An aware wolf.

q: Whats the difference between the English cricket team and a teabag?
a: A teabag stays in the cup longer

q: What do you call it when a stripper gives you a free lap-dance?
a: A pro boner.

q: What did the cannibal do after dumping her boyfriend?
a: She wiped her arse.

q: What do you call a wolf you cant find?
a: A where wolf.

q: What's 18 inches and makes women SCREAM?
a: A stillborn.

q: Where do intergalactic keyboards go to drink?
a: Space Bars

q: What do you call two crows sitting in a tree?
a: Attempted murder

q: Whats the Difference Between Hitler and Stalin?
a: Hitler Hit. Stalin Stalled.

q: What does batman call his dick?
a: Robin/Nightwing - depends how big it is

q: What do the letters G, I, T, N, H, N & O have in common?
a: nothing

q: What did the one tampon say to the other tampon?
a: nothing, theyre both stuck up cunts edit: special thanks to justinjoytheride

q: What club cancels their meeting everytime?
a: The vegan club

q: What does 007 wear on his head?
a: A Bondana.

q: How many animals can you fit into a pair of panty hose?
a: 2 calves, an ass, a beaver, a shitload of hares, 1 camel toe and a fish nobody can find.

q: What is Vladimir Putin's favourite drink?
a: White Russian, Straight

q: What did the fertilizer say to the grass?
a: I'm the shit.

q: Why did Tina Fey cross the road ?
a: To get another Golden Globe.  Tina Fey walks into the Tina Fey,the Tina Fey asks "How can i Tina   Fey you ?to which Tina Fey reply,"Ah just give me a Tina Fey"  and then leaves with a Golden Globe.  Unbreakable is good.  

q: Are one-liners accepted?
a: I immediately stopped telling people I was xenophobic when I realized it doesn't mean "afraid of xenomorphs".

q: Did you hear about the man who lost his whole left side?
a: He's all right now.

q: A cop stops a drunk man and asks: How high are you?
a: The man replies: This is wrong english, you should say 'Hi, How are You?'

q: [OC] Why Did the Paradox Cross the road?
a: Because it didn't.

q: What's the difference beetwen public official and private employee?
a: Private employee starts work checking email. Public official starts works making a coffee.

q: How many bugs does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two, as long as they can find a way in.

q: What do you call an expensive circumcision?
a: A rip off

q: Why doesn't Pakistan have its national football team?
a: Whenever they get a corner, they will set up a shop.

q: What do you call a Muslim basketball player's best move?
a: Islam Dunk

q: Which is the worst hand to lose?
a: The second one.

q: Why dont blind people skydive?
a: because it scares the shit out of their dogs.

q: What font is alphabet soup produced in?
a: Times New Ramen

q: What's a Jewish girl's favorite wine?
a: "I want to go to Miami!"

q: Why was the young snowflake so upset?
a: Because he just watched his mom get plowed.

q: What's the difference between writing your will and owning an ant farm?
a: One's a legacy, the other a sea of legs.

q: What do you call a woman who turn straight guys into gay?
a: Spatula.

q: Why does my abusive mother hate vegetables?
a: Beats me.

q: Did you hear about the baker that died fighting to save his business?
a: They say he went out "buns-a-glazing"

q: If you are American in living room, what are you in the bathroom?
a: European.

q: Why did the coke can throw itself off the building, and why did it become so famous?
a: It was soda pressed

q: Who so thelioma?
a: Mesothelioma 

q: Why haven't they sent a woman to the moon?
a: It doesn't need cleaning

q: What do you call a class for dumb gingers?
a: Speckle-ed.

q: What did the sluts left leg say to her right leg?
a: Nothing, they never met.

q: What joke did drake get when talking to diddy?
a: The punchline

q: What's red and silver and bumps in to walls?
a: A baby with forks in it's eyes.

q: What do you call it when a person has a fear of Vietnamese food?
a: They have a Pho-bia!

q: What did Jeffrey Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbit?
a: "You going to eat that?"

q: What's Whitney Houston's favourite form of coordination?
a: HAAAAAND EYEEEEEEE!

q: How many Global Warming nutjobs does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, they don't use light bulbs. They live in caves and use no forms of artificial energy because they wouldn't want to be perceived as hypocrites or morons.

q: What's the difference between your mom and a drug dealer?
a: Your mom can wash her crack and re-sell it. 

q: Why does Tiger Woods bring two pair of pants during a golf game?
a: Its in case he gets a hole-in-one.

q: What is the cruelest thing you can do to a blind person?
a: 'Caution- Hot surface' in braille.

q: How do you titillate and ocelot?
a: You oscillate it's tit a lot!

q: Do you guys like corny jokes?
a: Because I have some absolutely a-maize-ing ones!

q: How did Helen Keller get punished?
a: Her mom rearranged the living room

q: What's the difference between a woman's argument and a knife?
a: A knife has a point.

q: What does a priest get when he wants pussy?
a: Nun

q: Why don't black people pay rent?
a: Because jail is free.

q: Why did Harrison Ford Crash his plane?
a: because he was flying solo and went look no hans...

q: What's the difference between parents who don't vaccinate their children and ISIS?
a: One is a group made up of radicals with extremist views.         And the other group is ISIS.

q: What do you call it when a neurologist is found embezzling and he later runs away?
a: A Fraudian slip.

q: What for you call a motivated mannequin?
a: Mannecan

q: Did you hear about the vampire at the circus?
a: He went straight for the juggler

q: What car do polite cowboys drive?
a: Audi!

q: Why is God happy?
a: Because every women call his name during sex.

q: Did you hear that Sir Mix-A-Lot's pet snake left his girlfriend because she went low-carb?
a: His anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun.

q: why do sandwich fillings look weird ?
a: Cos they're in bread

q: Q: How do you say "take a shit" in Japanese?
a: A: Shit-take Q: How do you say "took a shit" in Japanese? A: Shit-take-mashita

q: Did you guys hear the one where the Imam joins the priest and rabbi walking into the bar?
a: That's because muslims can't drink.

q: How many policemen does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They just beat the room for being black.

q: What do you get when you cross a donkey and a piece of onion?
a: A piece of ass that will bring a tear in your eyes.

q: Where do Muslims go on a weekend?
a: To Mecca Bingo.

q: Remember when people uses Chuck Norris jokes?
a: They all died because of unknown source :)

q: Why do all travelers use the road to get to Jordans most popular destination?
a: Because they're all Petra-flied of using the air!

q: What is a gay guys favorite search engine?
a: Bing Bing

q: What did Christian Grey say when he read reviews of his movie?
a: "People did not like my movie. I guess I am 50 shades of letdown... But I can sure GET UP"!

q: If Patrick Bateman from American Psycho had a butler, what would the butler call him?
a: "Master Bateman."

q: My little brother dropped this on me; What do Mexicans say when they're cold?
a: BRRRRRRRRiba!

q: What do you call a monk that cooks potatoes?
a: A friar? A chip monk?

q: What's Forrest Gump's password?
a: 1forrest1

q: What did the pirate say when his wife kept asking him about the steering wheel in his pants?
a: "Yargg! Woman! Stop asking me! You're driving me nuts!"

q: What did one toilet roll say to another toilet roll?
a: People keep ripping me off.

q: Why can't elephants go skinny dipping?
a: They can't get their trunks off...

q: What do you give a sick microbe?
a: Primordial soup

q: What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
a: (you're mom can't take a joke)

q: Why is Time a whore?
a: Because she fucks everybody.

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster who got breast implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.

q: What did the teacher do with the student's cheese report?
a: She grated it.

q: Why did the rich man go crazy?
a: He had one-million dollars, but no cents.

q: What do you call nuts on a wall?
a: Walnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chest? . Chestnuts. . What do you call nuts on a chin? . A blowjob.

q: How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like?
a: Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it.

q: What does Santa call his English Elves?
a: Subordinate clauses. ... I'll see myself out.

q: Why did the t-rex cross the road?
a: Because the chicken hadn't evolved yet.

q: Why do penguins never go to England?
a: Because they're afraid of Wales!

q: What time are most dental appointments scheduled for?
a: Tooth hurty.

q: Q: Why did the belt get locked up?
a: A: He held up a pair of pants.

q: Hear about Harrison Fords plane crash?
a: I guess he shouldn't have been..... (_) ( _)>- (_) Flying solo.

q: What do eagles and moles have in common?
a: They both fly, except for the mole...

q: What do white girls and Prime numbers have in common?
a: They can't even..

q: Did you hear about the circus fire?
a: It was in tents.

q: Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his bean soup?
a: Because one more would be too farty

q: Why do bananas get all the ladies?
a: Because they have appeal

q: Why are most weather forecasters men?
a: Because when they promise a foot, you know you're only getting three inches. 

q: What food greatly diminishes a women's sex drive?
a: Wedding cake

q: What do we call of spill of the world's most abundant resource?
a: A sunny day.

q: On a hot day, what did the pig say to the other pig after he came back from the car?
a: "It's bacon in there!"

q: What does a vampire's blood taste like?
a: Iron-y

q: What is six inches long and stiff in the morning?
a: Crib death.

q: Why did the cat stop singing?
a: Because it was out of tuna.

q: Have you heard the Kardashian family motto?
a: "Getting black men off since the O.J. trial."

q: What do you call Bill Gates' penis as he gets out of a swimming pool?
a: Microsoft.

q: What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up?
a: Someday my prints will come.

q: Do you know why so many American kids die in high school massacres?
a: It's because they're not allowed to run in the corridors.

q: Why dont applebees employees wear watches?
a: Cuz theres a clock on the microwave

q: How did the redneck find his sister in the woods?
a: Not bad!

q: What did the mod say to the other?
a: [deleted]

q: Why is ten afraid of nine?
a: Because nine ate seven!

q: What do you get when you squash a bungalow?
a: A flat!

q: If 2 wrongs don't make a right, what do 2 rights make?
a: An airplane.

q: Why is it called a Mango?
a: Because Mancome wasn't selling

q: What do you call a root vegetable that spins on it's axis?
a: A  ...

q: Why did the calculus students get arrested?
a: For drinking and deriving.

q: Why can't you ever see a hippopotamus hiding in a tree?
a: Because they are really good at it

q: Wat the hell would I do with this rocket?
a: joke of the day: Boy bought gift 4 His Girl friend on breakup party- Girl Friend:Wat the hell would I do with this rocket? Boy: U wanted stars ???? Now sit on it and GET LOST :D hahhahah

q: Are you impulsive?
a: Think about it

q: What kind of jeans does mario wear ?
a: Denim denim denim 

q: Are you from Mississippi?
a: Cause you're the only miss I ssippi. (I have no clue)

q: What brand of underwear do zombies wear?
a: Haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss

q: What kind of foods do arthritic cannibals love to eat?
a: Finger foods...

q: Have you ever had an African meal?
a: neither have they

q: How did the redneck find the goat in the tall grass?
a: Satisfying. 

q: Why did cavemen drag their women around by the hair and not the feet?
a: Because if they drug them by the feet the would have filled with dirt.

q: What is Ronald Reagan's favourite vegetable?
a: James Brady.

q: Post?
a: Post and repost are on a bridge. Post jumps off. Who is left?

q: What's the most terrifying gift your SO/Family can buy for you?
a: Reddit gold.

q: What does a gentleman do after sex?
a: He puts the diaper back on. 

q: What's a storm trooper's favorite date?
a: March 4th

q: Did you hear about the group of people who stole a dozen boxes of Viagra?
a: Police are looking for hardened criminals.

q: Why do you have to take two Baptists with you when you go fishing?
a: Answer:  Because if you only take one, he'll drink all your beer. 

q: Whats the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea ?
a: I've never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: Where are otters from?
a: Otter space!

q: Did you hear about the ghost who got a vasectomy?
a: He had phantom loads.

q: What is the only inedible part of a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair 

q: Why did the cab driver did not get time for his family?
a: Because he was Uber busy.

q: Who Wears The Old Clothes Of Angela Merkel?
a: Angela Merkel. 

q: Why does nobody talk to circles?
a: Because there is no point!

q: Q: What do you call a cow who's had an abortion?
a: A: De-calf-i-nated.

q: What's worse than male chauvinists?
a: Women who don't shut up.

q: A man drives his truck and runs over a woman. Whose fault is it?
a: His fault. He shouldn't be driving in the kitchen.

q: Why is Abraham Lincoln on the Penny?
a: Because it makes cents (sense).

q: You know what I love about world history?
a: ... It's a long story

q: Anybody want to hear a joke about pizza?
a: Never mind, it's cheesy.

q: Can a ninja kill someone from a distance?
a: Shuriken!

q: What did gangster Pooh said to gangster Tigger?
a: "Tigga please!" Sorry, I heard it years ago. I don't remember where or when but I've just been saying alot lately. :p

q: What is the preferred newspaper of lighting fixtures?
a: The Lamp Post.

q: What's got a pair of balls and 100 teeth?
a: A: A crocodile Q: what's got a 100 balls and a pair of teeth? A: A singing choir of army veterans

q: Why did Kanye blow up the bakery?
a: Because no one man should have all that flour.

q: What's the difference between a hotdog and a dead baby?
a: You don't ejaculate on a hotdog before you eat it.

q: What did the Asian pirate do when he saw a crowd?
a: He fry through it!

q: OC: What does Babe Ruth and roughly 100,000 antelopes have in common?
a: They're both ballpark figures.

q: Why did the student take Viagra while preparing for his exam?
a: His professor said he should study hard.

q: Did you hear about the Indian who drank too much tea?
a: They found him drowned in his teepee.

q: How is cunnilingus like riding a bike with an open face helmet?
a: It's a lot of fun as long as you don't end up with bugs in your teeth.

q: What limitations does braille have? Can it represent everything that we read using the alphabet?
a: Very limited fonts.

q: Did you hear about the new in-flight corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines everywhere

q: Why do Klingons feel very little pain?
a: They produce a lot of endworfins. 

q: What do you call a Muslim who is notoriously late for everything?
a: 9/12

q: What's green, slimy and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the frogs finger (shoutout to Hesher)

q: What's the difference between a blond and a washing machine?
a: When you drop a load into a washing machine it doesn't follow you around for a week. 

q: What did the calculus teacher tell the crew of his submarine while they were diving?
a: Derive, derive, derive!

q: What do you call someone with no body and just a nose?
a: No body knows! 

q: What do you call a redneck orgy?
a: A family reunion.

q: What did the male titanic say to the female titanic?
a: Nothing he just broke the ice.

q: What do Paul Walker and Pink Flyod have in common?
a: Their last hit was the wall

q: What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat?
a: Banned from the zoo.

q: Which is Reddit's favourite element?
a: M'lybdenum.

q: What's worse than dropping a scope of ice cream?
a: Dropping 2 scoops of ice cream.  What's worse than dropping 2 scoops of ice cream? Getting a hand chopped off.  What's worse than getting a hand chopped off? Getting both hands chopped off.  What's worse than getting both hands chopped off? The Holocaust.  What's worse than the Holocaust? Dropping 3 scoops of ice cream. 

q: Do you know the story of Flap Flap The Giraffe?
a: Flap Flap The Giraffe was walking around the savannah, when a helicopter came in to land.   The giraffe looked up, and then :::flap flap::: the giraffe!

q: What does a sandal do on Sunday's?
a: It saves its sole. 

q: Did you hear about the prank these guys pulled on Hitler?
a: When Hitler found out, he was fhrer-ious.

q: What do you call a criminal dwarf on an escalator?
a: A little con-descending

q: What's easier to pick up, the heavier it gets?
a: Women 

q: Why can we never actually see the sun?
a: Because it's in da-skies!

q: Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in dirt and then cross the road again?
a: Because he was a dirty double crosser!

q: How many contradictory Germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Nein.

q: So, my mate Vincent cut his ear off and his wife asked him why?
a: He just told her " I guess I just had to 'let it Gogh'. EDIT: removed the u from gogh

q: What does an alcoholic nun have?
a: A bad habit.

q: Why hasn't Nintendo released a Mario themed basketball video game?
a: Because Japan isn't good at basketball. 

q: How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast?
a: They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving

q: How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One.  They just hold the lightbulb and cry until the universe spins around them.

q: What's red and dingle dangles from the ceiling?
a: This was my grandfathers all time favorite joke. Pop Pop: What's red and dingle dangles from the ceiling? Me: I don't know... Pop Pop: A Red dingle dangle of course! Pop Pop: What's green and dingle dangles from the ceiling? Me: A green dingle dangle! Pop Pop: No they only come in Red. Me: :|

q: How does a mathematical pedophile refer to a child who just turned 8 years old?
a: As someone who has passed their prime. 

q: Difference between a dead dog and a dead lawyer in the road?
a: The dog had skid marks in front of it.  

q: What do vegetarian worms eat??
a: Linda Mcartney

q: A woman walks into a beauty salon and asks the beautician, can you make me look like Kim Kardashian?
a: Beautician says: you want me to put a black cock in your mouth?

q: What do you call a pretentious mime?
a: A dick in a box.

q: What characteristics do chemists look for in people when dating?
a: Asses and faces

q: What so you call an Asian jew?
a: Jew Lee

q: Why couldn't the lizard have any children?
a: It had a reptile dysfunction!

q: [Meta] Would it be possible to get a moderator bot to flair each post according to length?
a: Similar to the way the   that way we can see if it's just a one liner, a short setup or a long epic? I'm not entirely sure this is the place to put this, so if there's a better spot can someone tell me?

q: How many Germans do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. We're efficient not funny!

q: Who's the poorest person in West Virginia?
a: The Tooth Fairy.

q: Whats red and sits in the corner?
a: A naughty strawberry 

q: What'd the banana say to the vibrator?
a: Why are you shaking? She's gonna eat me.

q: What kind of blood does a born loser have?
a: Typo

q: What is better than a rose on a guitarist?
a: Tulips on my pianist.

q: Why do bald men have holes in their pockets?
a: So they can run their fingers through their hair.

q: What did the prostitute say to her customer after he finished paying?
a: "It was a business doing pleasure with you."

q: How long does it take a monkey to fly a plane from LA to New York?
a: About 6 hours. 

q: What did the elephant say to the man?
a: Cute, but how do you pick up peanuts with it?

q: Did you hear that actress from Legally Blonde was stabbed?
a: Me:  Yeah.  She was stabbed in California, in broad day light.  The one from legally blonde.   Reese....Something.... with-er... um...with-uh... ..ummm... Friend: Witherspoon? Me:  No.  With a knife.

q: Have you seen the world's biggest thermometer?
a: I hear it's fair in height

q: What did the Baskin-Robbins manager say to the employee that wanted to date a co-worker?
a: Don't poop where you scoop.

q: What did the geologist say when he got a rock for his birthday?
a: I appreciate the sediment. 

q: How is a Mexican like a cue ball?
a: The harder you hit 'em, the more English you get out of them.

q: Whats the difference between a rooster and a gay surfer?
a: A rooster says, "Cock-a-doodle-doo.". A surfer says, "Dude, a Cock will do.".

q: What do you call bad Mediterranean food?
a: Falawful.

q: What do you call a German outkast?
a: Hey, ja!

q: What is a pedophile's first guitar lesson?
a: How to finger A minor

q: Ever hear the one about the midget and the razor blade?
a: Me either, it got cut short. 

q: Where do trailer park miscarriages go?
a: Out of the trash and into the garbage

q: What's the similarities between Michael Jackson and the colour changing dress?
a: They both started out black and blue then became white and golden

q: Why doesn't Asia wear makeup?
a: Because it clogs its SINGAPORES!

q: Why did the Limestone feel unappreciated?
a: Because he thought people were taking him for granite.

q: What sport do you play with a wombat?
a: Wom

q: Why didn't the ghost have any children?
a: Because he had a Halloweenie!

q: Why so serious?
a: A lady asked me if I thought she was wearing to much makeup. I told her it depends ... on whether she was trying to kill Batman or not.

q: Why can't you trust anything MATTER says?
a: Because it makes up everything.

q: Who was appointed as a proof reader of Hitler's speeches?
a: A Grammar Nazi

q: What did one tectonic plate say to the other after the earthquake?
a: That was your fault!!!

q: What was the ninja pigs' surprise attack called?
a: Hambush

q: Why doesn't god like bacon?
a: Because he isn't real.

q: What should PMS be called?
a: Ovary-acting 

q: What would you call Benedict Cumberbatch if he was dating a giraffe?
a: The Neck-Romancer

q: What does Ronda Rousey's opponents and myself have in common?
a: We both barely last 14 seconds and leave our partners underwhelmed. 

q: Why didn't the ghost have any babies?
a: Because he had a Halloweenie! (Hollow-weenie)

q: What's the easiest way to find a gay West Virginian?
a: All his cousins are male!

q: How to you make a Hormone?
a: You kick her in the groin.

q: What did Putin say when he was finally fed up with Boris Nemtsov?
a: I'm putin' that guy to sleep

q: [Fixed] What do you get when you put human DNA in a goat?
a: ISIS

q: Are you a work of art?
a: Because it looks like Picasso painted you.

q: When is a Mexican not a Mexican?
a: When he's an alien! I'll see myself out now

q: What do you get if you insert human DNA into a monkey?
a: AIDS for humanity

q: Why hasn't bigfoot ever gone to prison?
a: Because he has only been convicted mythdemeanors.

q: What is the difference between a group of Pygmy riddlers and a lesbian track team?
a: One is a group of cunning runts and the other is a group of running cunts.

q: How many ears does Mr. Spock have?
a: Three. One left ear, one right ear, and a Final Front-ear.

q: What is a boxer's favorite meal?
a: Break-fist

q: Did you guys hear about the jews hurting dental health?
a: Its those damn acidic jews!

q: What kind of nuts go on a carrot cake?
a: First time posting to  .

q: whats the difference betweens a violin and a fiddle?
a: A violin has strings and a fiddle has strangs.

q: What does the high elves call Gandalf?
a: Methrandir

q: What's Obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend?
a: Socialize

q: What do you get if you drop a piano into a mine?
a: A-flat "minor"

q: What do you call a football fan with a cold?
a: A sneezing ticket holder.

q: Black and Blue?
a: So I asked the question," Black and Blue or Gold and White" ? "It doesn't matter Sir" replied the Police Officer "Your wife still has extensive bruising"

q: How do you make a bunch of Redditors mad?
a: [deleted]

q: How does Boomhower describe the Genitals of the Lieutenant from the Reno Police Department?
a: Dang ol' Dangle dangle.

q: What do you call an elephant the circus no longer needs?
a: Irrelephant.

q: Did you hear about the guy who couldn't read?
a: He spent the night in a warehouse.

q: Do you know why they are called dad jokes?
a: Because of the people that fathered them.

q: What do you call a terrorist holding an AK47 to your head?
a: Sir.

q: How do you know if someone's from Texas?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: Have you heard the one about the man who ran over himself?
a: He asked a kid to run across the street and buy him a pack of cigarettes. The kid was like, "No way man, fuck you." So the man ran over himself.

q: How does Alabama keep alcohol out of high school?
a: Change the drinking age to 25

q: Do you know why I hate drinking with blind people?
a: They can't handle their liquor--They always black out

q: Whats faster then a Aboriginal with a TV?
a: His son with the xbox.

q: Wanna have an argument?
a: I'll get in your face and you blow it out of proportion.

q: Yarrr, have ye seen me mizzenmast?
a: It's mizzen.

q: Hey Dad? Can you sing me the Alphabet?
a: Sure, "abcdefghiJK."

q: What's the difference between herpes and mono?
a: You get one from snatching a kiss. 

q: What did the Greek God say when he could finally take the world off his shoulders?
a: At las!

q: Do you remember when you used to blow bubbles when you were younger?
a: Yeah, well she's been asking about you

q: Why do the French eat only one egg for breakfast?
a: Because one is un oeuf

q: What did Wiz Khalifa say when he was asked his opinion on the dress?
a: "Yeah, uh huh, you know what it is."

q: How do you say goodbye to 230,000 Indonesians?
a: A big wave.

q: What does batman take in his whiskey?
a: Just ice.

q: Mythology gags, anyone?
a: What can kill you with a glance and goes "Hittthhh"? The Basilisp.

q: Why do gorillas have such big nostrils?
a: Because they have big fingers! Not mine. Told to me by my late grandfather, funniest pastor ever. :)

q: What did the grape say when the elephant stepped on him?
a: Nothing, he just let out a little wiiiine.

q: Helen Keller, what color is this dress?
a: ARGGGLLLAGHHHHGAAAAA

q: How did ISIS decide to kill the member of Anonymous that brought down their websites?
a: The hacked him to death.

q: What's the best way to be on Instagram and in life?
a: Selfless

q: what do you call a queue of jokers?
a: a PUNchline

q: Did you hear about the guy who drunk brake fluid everyday?
a: He's ok he can stop whenever he wants.

q: Why does the sexually active narcoleptic always use a condom?
a: Because he doesn't need sleepAIDS.

q: How does Harry Potter do web design?
a: Inspecto Elemento

q: Q: What do you call a bunch of blondes standing ear to ear?
a: A: A wind tunnel.

q: Why was the lightbulb invented?
a: Somebody had an idea.

q: Why are women and noodles alike?
a: They both wriggle when you eat them. 

q: How many black people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Seriously, I gotta figure out how many slaves I need to buy

q: What does a panther say when it steps on ants?
a: ded-ant.. ded-ant.. ded-ant dedan deadANT~~~ dedandead-annnnnt #  d-d-d-deadant.

q: What's the best way to cross the border?
a: In the trunk of a car.

q: Why didn't the koala get a job?
a: He didn't have enough koalifications!

q: What is black and eats pussy?
a: cervical cancer

q: How many kids does Adrian Peterson have?
a: More than you can shake a stick at

q: What do you call group sex on a boat?
a: An oar-gy

q: Why did the electron go to jail?
a: He was charged with battery!

q: What does God do whenever he gets frustrated with Jesus?
a: He gets out the Bible Belt!

q: Why did the clothing store close?
a: The employees where slacking off.

q: Why did they invent the shopping cart?
a: To teach women to walk on their hind legs.

q: Why did the man put a dead tiger on his lawn?
a: To scare off Cat burglars!

q: What has 5 teeth and 60 eyes?
a: A bus full of old people

q: Why did Blackbeard cross the road?
a: To indicate where the treasure is buried.

q: Did you hear about the woman who had her left side cut off?
a: She was alright.

q: Why did the Baker rob the Banker?
a: Cause he knead that dough. ........ Sorry I'm drunk

q: What happened to the boy-band member who dropped the soap In the prison shower?
a: Let's just say that his backstreet went more than one direction.

q: Why does the Indian chief hate snow?
a: It's White and all over his land.

q: What kind of phone does The Flash use?
a: Not an iPhone because Apple doesn't support flash

q: Where do famous snakes go?
a: Down in hisssstory!

q: Why was the African prostitute arrested for murder?
a: Men kept disappearing in her black hole! (#69BadJokes buy it like everywhere on-line!) ((unless you're a hater of funny stuff ;))

q: What's a Native's 2 favourite colours?
a: Blue and Blue Light.

q: What do you get if you push a piano out of a plane over a military base?
a: A flat major

q: (Interview question) Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
a: Answer: I don't know. I don't have 2020 vision.

q: Why does math class teach kids about Japan, Germany, and Italy?
a: Because they learn about the x-axis.

q: What's the difference between a psychologist and a groundskeeper?
a: One you need for a rough patch, the other you need to patch your rough. 

q: What is the height of hunger?
a: Teeth marks on the toilet seat.

q: Why do bakers start working so early in the morning?
a: Because they knead dough. 

q: What do you call a snobbish criminal going down the stairs?
a: A condescendant con descending.

q: What did the little black kid think when he got diarrhea?
a: He was melting

q: How do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving?
a: Depends

q: Are you Microsoft Excel?
a: Because I want to spreadsheet your legs.

q: What does a raven bring on an airplane?
a: A carri-on bag

q: what do Nazis drive?
a: Auchwhips

q: What do you tell a black jew?
a: Go sit at the back of the oven

q: Hey Sherlock, what type of stone is this?
a: Sedimentary, my dear Watson 

q: What did the black kid get on his SAT's?
a: BBQ Sauce

q: What's the difference between a Pakistani military post and a Pakistani elementary school?
a: Beats me, I just man the drone. 

q: How many Hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Hippies screw in dirty sleeping bags!

q: Did you hear about the new drug that makes its users apathetic?
a: It's called Crystal Meh

q: What do two Wrights make?
a: A plane

q: Why did the elf have to play with Mega Bloks?
a: Because he was Legoless

q: What does the average Alabama football player get on his SATs?
a: Drool

q: What did the letter O say to Q?
a: Dude, your dick is hanging out.

q: Why did the programmer put on his glasses?
a: So he could C#.

q: What is black and in jail?
a: A black man who committed a crime.

q: A green man lives in a green house. A red man lives in a red house. Who lives in the white house?
a: the black man

q: How do you get an anorexic to gain 25 pounds?
a: Marry her.

q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months?
a: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only six months?  Because on the box it said From 2 to 4 years.

q: What is trust?
a: Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob. 

q: Did you hear about the vampire comedian?
a: He went straight for the jocular every time

q: what do you tell a woman with two black eyes?
a: Nothing. You told her twice already 

q: Whats the last thing you want to hear before you go to sleep?
a: Zippity Bop, Puddin' pop!

q: What do you call someone who is rude and has no corners?
a: A circle-jerk.

q: Which spice is the worst at keeping secrets?
a: Only thyme will tell.

q: What does the fox say?
a: Go republicans! 

q: Why did the angry skeptic keep ignoring official reports about the eventual release of Half-Life 3?
a: He was blowing off Steam

q: Why couldn't the effective vitamin supplement achieve true happiness?
a: He was too super fish oil.

q: Where do you send hyperactive jewish children for summer vacation?
a: Concentration camp.

q: What job can you see yourself doing?
a: Inspecting mirrors 

q: How does the queen bee get around the hive?
a: She's throne.

q: What do you call a chubby girl that's high?
a: A baked potato. 

q: Did you hear about the man who had his whole left side bitten off by a shark?
a: He's all right now.

q: What do floppy disks and Jesus have in common?
a: They both had to die to become the icon of saving.

q: Why can't your hear a pteradactyl go to the toilet?
a: Because the p is silent.

q: Why are mountains so funny?
a: Because they're hill areas....sorry I had to share this cheesy joke I just overheard my coworker tell.

q: What do you call a bitchy midget who can get to places quickly?
a: A shortcunt.

q: What starts with F and ends with UCK?
a: Fuck

q: How do crazy people go thru the forest?
a: They take the Psycho path.

q: How many Redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: It doesn't matter, they'll just compliment it a lot and then complain because it won't screw.

q: What is the wettest animal in the world?
a: A Rain Deer.

q: What did that cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?
a: Wiped his ass

q: What is Kathy Griffin's screen saver?
a: Celebrity names dropping.

q: What's a wombat for?
a: For playing wom

q: When does a cub scout become a boy scout?
a: When he eats his first brownie.

q: Why the big pause................................?
a: Said the man in the pub to the bear. First heard this joke told by Eddie Izzard.

q: Do you want to hear a dirty joke?
a: A white horse fell in a mud puddle.

q: What's the difference between a dwarven packrat and a venereal disease?
a: One is a runt with a cache.

q: Did ya hear about the new pirate movie?
a: It's rated RRRR!

q: What did the shoelace say when I tried to tie it?
a: Uh, like, can you knot?

q: What did the turkey say to the goat?
a: The turkey said gobble, gobble, gobble. The goat said back abdul akbar before blowing up.

q: Whats the name of the band with the most hits?
a: the hitlers!

q: You ever notice how many narcissistic pirates there are?
a: Everyone I meet won't stop saying Aye!

q: What's the quickest way to lose pounds?
a: The UK National Lottery!

q: How is marriage like a tornado?
a: At first there is a lot of sucking and blowing, but when it's over your house is gone.

q: What is a Muslim baby's first word?
a: "Revenge!"

q: Where do you party on a ship?
a: Where the funnel be!

q: Did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground?
a: Well, well, well...

q: Which country has the most number of bacteria, viruses, fungus and other micro-organisms?
a: GerMany

q: How do call an idiot that has an assault rifle pointed at you?
a: Sir.

q: Why did Bin Laden stop having sex?
a: Every time he looked between a woman's legs, he saw Bush.

q: What do you do to a dead scientist?
a: You Barium

q: What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine?
a: A washing machine doesn't cry when it takes a load.

q: Whats grey and comes in pints?
a: Elephants

q: why should you be afraid if you see a bull chasing after you?
a: Well. I don't know about you guys, but I wouldn't want something that horny chasing me!

q: What was the first reference to pole vaulting in the Bible?
a: When Jesus cleared the temple.

q: What do composers prepare their ingredients on?
a: A Chopin board

q: What do you call bees that produce milk?
a: Boo-Bees....

q: [sexist] Not a joke, but can you help me find it?
a: I remember there was a joke about why women aren't political leaders and the punchline being that they would bicker and argue with each other or something... Anyone know which joke I am talking about?

q: What do you call a chubby girl who's cranky, has bad breath and doesn't screw?
a: You don't call her.

q: Who is an archaeologist?
a: One whose career is in ruins.

q: What do you call a reptile wearing a vest?
a: An investigator. Ba dum tss.

q: Dad joke gold?
a: My 10yo is doing a project on  Mississippi and one of it's famous residents was Elvis.  She was doing some research on him and started asking me questions: 10: Dad was Elvis on drugs? M:  Yep....I think he even died on the toilet 10:  Whhaaattt?  Was he going to the bathroom when he died? M:  Not sure, but I do know....it was a pretty shitty way to go Cue:  Laughter explosion, I don't curse around them so the impact was bigger

q: What did the doctor say to the rude patient who was reluctant to get stitches from him?
a: "Fine, suture yourself."

q: What does the fan of a shitty rock band, which canceled a gig in his city, say?
a: "I want my Nickel back!"

q: Did you hear about the Circus fire?
a: Yea, it was in tents. 

q: Why does SnoopDogg always carry an umbrella?
a: Fo Drizzle 

q: What do comedians put outside their house on Halloween?
a: 'Pun-kins'

q: What can a lawyer do that a duck can't?
a: Stick his bill up his arse.

q: Where did the Muslim go for his sandwich?
a: Aaaaaaaaallah Snackbar.

q: Why do Pillows work?
a: Cause they're white

q: what do you call a gay french man?
a: a faguett

q: What is it called when a ninja flees the scene of an accident?
a: Hidden Run.

q: What's the difference between Leonardo Dicaprio and Sesame Street?
a: Sesame Street has an Oscar.

q: What do you call a brown woman with a yeast infection?
a: Beef Wellington

q: Which type of soup is the heaviest?
a: Won-ton soup

q: What's white on top and black on bottom?
a: Society What's black on top and white on bottom? Rape

q: Want to know how to not get malware?
a: To late, you already clicked the link.

q: What political ideology does Hades consider himself to be apart of?
a: Plutocracy

q: What do you tell a pornstar right before their video to pump them up?
a: Get your head in the game.

q: Why did the Blonde's belly-button always hurt after sex?
a: Her Boyfriend was blonde too!!

q: What did the Mexican student write his essay about?
a: Life outside of prison.

q: What is the most socially unacceptable joke you know?
a: Preferably really dark or 'just plain wrong' jokes.

q: How does the redneck help his wife with the dishes?
a: He gets her Dawn.

q: Did you hear about the newly sponsored gay NASCAR team?
a: Its always in the rear of the field.

q: Why did the prostitute cross the road?
a: To go to the motel with her client so they could have some fucking privacy.

q: Did you hear about the mushroom?
a: He was a fungi.

q: What do you call a sheep with no legs ?
a: A cloud.  

q: How to convert QT3.14 into GF format?
a: Sorry, this option is not available in Beta version.

q: Why don't house painters wear wedding rings on the job?
a: Nobody wants to marry an underemployed alcoholic.

q: How do you start a raid in Ethiopia?
a: Staple food to the ceiling!

q: Why did the giraffe cross the highway?
a: Because he bumped his head on the low-way! I guess we're doing 4 year old's jokes today :)

q: How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen Do?
a: Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.

q: What is the difference between females aged: 8, 18, 28, 38, 48, 58, 68, and 78?
a: At 8 -- You take her to bed and tell her a story. At 18 -- You tell her a story and take her to bed. At 28 -- You don't need to tell her a story to take her to bed. At 38 -- She tells you a story and takes you to bed. At 48 -- She tells you a story to avoid going to bed. At 58 -- You stay in bed to avoid her story. At 68 -- If you take her to bed, that will be a story. At 78 -- What story??? What bed??? Who the hell are you???

q: If a quiz is quizical, what is a test ?
a: Title.

q: Hey, want to hear a joke?
a: "Sure"  "Sex"  "... I don't get it."  "Yeah, I know you don't."  

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping in Dallas?
a: They woke him up.

q: Did you hear about that actress that killed herself? Reese whatsername?
a: Witherspoon?  No, she did it with a knife.

q: Why do Hasidic Jews dress so strangely?
a: Because they are unorthodox.

q: How do I know if I'm pansexual?
a: I tried shoving the handle up my ass but I don't think I had enough lube. What else can I try with it?

q: Did you hear about the new "morning after" pill for men?
a: It changes your blood type.

q: What do you call a girl that sleeps with you for your Adderall?
a: A total attention whore. 

q: Mom, what's an orgasm?
a: I don't know, ask your dad.

q: On a scale of 1 to 100, how mature do you think you are?
a: 69

q: What do you call 1000 lesbians with guns?
a: Militia Etheridge

q: Why do natives hate snow?
a: Cause its white and its on their land.

q: What does the CEO of Keurig have in common with ISIS?
a: They both hate the French press

q: How do you find the pilot at a party?
a: He'll tell you. 

q: What's the biggest cause of pedophilia in this country?
a: Sexy kids

q: Want to hear a joke about paper?
a: Never mind, it's tearable.

q: Why does a dog lick it's balls?
a: Because they're delicious.  What?  You've never tried them?  You're missing out.

q: What do you call a fat man trying out a new tempurpedic mattress?
a: The great depression

q: What do you call the Knight who started the Round Table?
a: Sir Cumference!

q: Why did the Mexican food go to counseling?
a: He wanted to taco bout his problems

q: How does the rabbi make his tea?
a: He-brews it

q: Why do mermaids wear sea shells?
a: Because D-shells are too big and B-shells are too small.

q: What are you supposed to do when someone is having a seizure in the bath?
a: ...throw a load of dirty laundry in.

q: What's the difference between babies and love?
a: Love doesn't burn. What's worst part about making love to a dead baby.  Digging up the coffin. How long does take to play hide and seek with a dead baby?  It depends how small the pieces are.

q: What can a duck do that a lawyer can't?
a: Shove its bill up its ass.

q: What do you get when you cross a muppet with the Loch Ness monster?
a: Messie  Thank you and goodnight. 

q: What's the most popular dance in Warsaw?
a: The pole dance.

q: What does a man with a 10 inch dick eat for breakfast?
a: Well today I had bacon, fried eggs, toast, and milk. 

q: Why couldn't Sally use the swings?
a: She had no arms Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally. What did Sally get for her Birthday? We don't know, she didn't open it yet.

q: How Do You Make Spider-Man Cry?
a: Cook him some Uncle Ben's

q: Why are government buildings alike all around the world?
a: free masonry.

q: Did you hear ISIS blew up their first Italian recruit in a suicide bombing today?
a: They decided to rig a Tony

q: What did Shakespeare say when Mr. Big proposed to him?
a: "Noth"

q: What happens when you cross Elton John and a sabre tooth tiger?
a: I don't know, but you better keep it away from your ass! (Credit: Kenny Hotz)

q: What time does a mechanic wake up?
a: Oily!

q: How do you troll someone?
a: Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.

q: Whos the best jewish cook?
a: Hitler.......

q: What do you do when you see and Mexican on a bike?
a: Shoot him he probably stole that bike. What do you do when you see a black man on a bike? Shoot the bike, that's your nigger.

q: How does a shepherd integrate black and white flocks?
a: Ewe-substitution

q: Why is taking spanish 2 so awesome?
a: You get a lot of puse.

q: Have you ever heard of the exhausted frog?
a: He was out of bounds

q: What do you call a woman with an opinion??
a: Wrong

q: Why did the cow get a job at Google?
a: Because she was out standing in her field.

q: What did the elephant say to the naked guy?
a: That thing sure is cute, but can it pick up peanuts?

q: What does Monica Lewinsky say to call her dog over?
a: "Come, spot!"

q: What are a clumsy person's favorite flowers?
a: Oopsie daisies.

q: What does the Queen put on her toast?
a: Maamilade! Tada....... anyone? Anyone? I'll get my coat

q: What do you call a dinosaur having brunch?
a: Tea-Rex

q: why should you never buy a Asian graphics card?
a: bad drivers.

q: What do you call an Indian stoner?
a: Man, deep

q: Who makes more money, a hooker or a drug dealer?
a: The hooker because she can wash her crack and sell it again.

q: Why should we elect Gabe Newell as President of the United States?
a: So there won't be a World War III.

q: How do Germans tie there shoes?
a: With little Nazis.

q: What was Hitler's favorite drink?
a: Jews

q: What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?
a: Polaroids

q: Why do Canadians prefer their jokes in hexadecimal?
a: Because 7 8 9 A.

q: Who is the poorest in England?
a: The Tooth Fairy!

q: What is the definition of a farmer!?
a: Someone who is out-standing in his field!

q: What's the similarity between a dog and a bulldozer?
a: Neither one is a squirrel.

q: What?
a: What do you call a man with one extra finger on his left hand?    John Dillinger.

q: What did the egg say to a pot of boiling water?
a: "I'm not ready to get hard yet, I just got laid!"

q: What is the one food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?
a: Wedding cake. 

q: What did the dick say to the balls?
a: Hang out here while I go inside.

q: What do you call a Cuban Atheist?
a: Infidel Castro.

q: What is Reddits favorite country?
a: Chi-LE!!!!!!!!!! My girlfriend came up with that one hope u guys love it as much as I do!!!!! :)

q: What did the chef say when Hannibal Lecter sent his breast meat back, complaining it was overcooked?
a: "TOUGH TITTIES!"

q: How do you kill a circus clown?
a: Go for the juggler!

q: What did the russian say before Putin penetrated his asshole?
a:  Put it in Putin!

q: What happened to the tree after it caught fire?
a: It became entally handicapped

q: Why is Microsoft skipping Windows 9?
a: Because Windows 7 8 9

q: Why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes?
a: Because they're fatter. 

q: What is it called when a bull made of snow eats explosives?
a: A bomb in a bull snowman.

q: Why do the French always were white when pole vaulting?
a: So people can see them surrender from afar. Edit: wrong form of the form "wear"

q: Want to hear the new word I just created?
a: Plagiarism!

q: What does your mother and a neckbeard have in common?
a: They both love Ten D's

q: Want to hear a broad generalization?
a: All women are complicated.

q: Why did the laptop memory have such a hard time in school?
a: Because he was SO-DIMM!

q: How does a butcher introduce his wife?
a: Meat Patty

q: Did you know that Australians don't ever actually have sex?
a: Because Australians mate...

q: What's a man in a hurry like to drink?
a: man-go juice!

q: What is the difference between a dead hooker and an onion?
a: You cry when you cut up the onion.

q: What's green and bad for your eyes?
a: An alligator.

q: Did you hear how the crazy camping show was last weekend?
a: It was in tents.

q: What do you call a deer with flashlights for eyes?
a: A bright eye deer.

q: Daddy where do people come from?
a: Young boy is curious and asked his father where people come from dad says "well son it goes way back to Adam and eve and they were mother and father to everyone" Young boy still confused asks his mother "Mommy where do people come from?" She responds with "well after years of evolution we evolved from monkeys and gorillas" The young boy even more confused now goes back to his father for and explanation and he replys "well son your mother was talking about her side of the family"

q: What do you call a tree that you can fit in your hand?
a: A PALM TREE!!!

q: What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like?
a: Bacon.

q: Where does Christian Grey make photocopies?
a: FedEx Kinky's

q: What does a WoW player with tubercolosis say when he ends a conversation?
a: TBC

q: Kind of a pick up line?
a: I wrote you a song but it's only one verse... But it's only because you're my UNIVERSE ...lol...

q: What do you get when you cross an Aboriginal with a Caucasian?
a: What do you get when you cross an Aboriginal with a Caucasian? A half decent person.

q: Are you celebrating Chinese New Year, gurrrl?
a: Cuz I'd like to go home from the baa and ram ewe.

q: Forty minutes before we get to the first sex scene in Fifty Shades Of Grey?
a: They do beat around the bush...

q: Want to hear a short joke?
a: A midget walks under a bar.

q: What do you call homosexual dinosaurs?
a: What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotapuss. What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasoreass.

q: What do you call a Cuban Prime Minister with a lot of attitude?
a: Fidel Sass-tro

q: What starts with "F" and ends with "UCK"? What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?
a: What starts with "F" and ends with "UCK"?  "FIRETRUCK"!!! What were you thinking?  What starts with "P" and ends with "ORN"?  ..."POPCORN"!!  What were you thinking?!?!?!

q: What department do you not want to end up at in a corporation run by cannibals?
a: Human Resources. 

q: Why did the cow slap the bull?
a: He didn't play well with udders.

q: What do you call a gay loaf of bread?
a: A faguette

q: What is a modern name for a store that specializes in the sale of pornography?
a: A junk shop.

q: What does a Lamb say after the Chinese New Year celebration?
a: Baaaah bye!

q: Why did the mushroom get invited to the party?
a: Because he was a fungi 

q: What did the deaf, blind dumb kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What do you call a moving company owned by cows?
a: A bunch of moooovers.

q: What is Gucci Mane's favorite kind of cheese?
a: Gruyauuuurrrrrrrrrr

q: Did you hear about the man with 5 penises?
a: His pants fit him like a glove.

q: Why is The Hulk going to get laid tonight?
a: Because he is stronger than you. 

q: Whats the difference between acne and the pope?
a: Acne doesn't come on your face till about thirteen.

q: What would the world be like without women?
a: A real pain in the ass!

q: Why did the woman marry the shoe maker?
a: Because she was his sole mate.

q: What is the recommended psychological treatment for mentally ill statisticians?
a: Regression therapy

q: Where did little Lisa go after she got hit by a truck?
a: Everywhere.

q: A brown bear and a polar bear fall into the water. Which one dissolves?
a: The polar bear, because he's polar! 

q: Whats the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
a: You can't hear an enzyme

q: If a psychic goes to the bathroom in the forest, does he make a sound?
a: No, because the "p" is silent.

q: Why couldn't the Duke of Esterhzy find his music composer?
a: Because he was Haydn.

q: What do you call Winnie The Pooh's grandmother?
a: Poohnanni

q: Who is Reddits favrite musician?
a: Mack-Le-More!!!!!!

q: What is the opposite of Christopher Walkin?
a: Christopher Reeve.

q: What do all the sexy ladies of r/gonewild have in common?
a: Daddy issues

q: What do you call a very smart glass of lemonade that is gay?
a: A homo-genius mixture

q: Why couldn't the troll catch any fish?
a: Because other people took the bait.

q: Did you hear about the guy who died after eating chicken?
a: The meat was fowl.

q: What does a guy with a big dick eat for breakfast?
a: Well, this morning I had scrambled eggs, hash browns, a side of bacon, a glass of milk...

q: What do smart blondes and UFO's have in common?
a: You hear about them but never see them

q: What type of sea creature do Chinese fishermen catch?
a: Crust-asian

q: Whats the difference between a woman and a feminist?
a: A woman can understand irony and satire without being offended.

q: Why was the comic book series depressed?
a: Because it had too many issues.

q: Why did Hitler fail math?
a: He couldn't reach the final solution. 

q: Why are quantum physicists so bad at sex?
a: Because when they find the position, they can't find the momentum, and when they have the momentum, they can't find the position. 

q: Do You Know A Good Place to Get Scrod?
a: A traveller who is a huge fan of seafood arrives in Boston for the first time.  He leaves the airport and hails a cab.  After he gets in, he excitedly says to the cabbie, "Hey, I'm new in town.  Can you tell me a good place to go to get scrod?"  The cabbie replies [in a thick Boston accent], "Pal, I've got to congratulate you.  I've heard that question a lot over the years, but that's the first time I've ever heard it in the pluperfect subjunctive."

q: What piece of furniture can you find in a gay frat house?
a: A bromosectional

q: How is a lesbian like a camel?
a: Their hump has no bone.

q: not necessary to have a high IQ to be an attorney?
a: Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse? A: No. Q: Did you check for blood pressure? A: No. Q: Did you check for breathing? A: No. Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy? A: No. Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor? A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar. Q: But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless? A: It is possible that he could have been alive and practising law somewhere.

q: What sex position produces the ugliest kids?
a: Ask your mom. (Sorry if this has already been posted)

q: Hey, is your name Paul Revere?
a: Because I want to give you a midnight ride!

q: What language do teapots speak?
a: Teabrew.

q: What do you call Bruno Mars?
a: Michael Jackson the third.

q: Why are male bathrooms on the left, and female bathrooms on the right?
a: Because no matter what, women are always right, even when they're full of shit.

q: What do you call an easy lifestyle revolving around eating Chinese food?
a: Lo Meintenance

q: Did you hear about that really successful scarecrow?
a: He is well known for being outstanding in his field. 

q: How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any children?
a: Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel. 

q: Where do Crows hang out on friday night?
a: The crow bar. 

q: Why was tigger looking down the toilet?
a: Because he was looking for Pooh!

q: Where does a cow go to watch a film?
a: The mooovies. pls tell to friends.

q: Where do all guys come from?
a: ...Their dicks. Where else? (is bad i know)

q: Why did Sarah name her pet Fawn 99 Cents?
a: Because it wasn't big enough to be a Buck.

q: What do you get when you cross Paris Hilton with Iggy Azalea?
a: A horribly depraved piece of human garbage.

q: What's do you get when you mix a zebra and a donkey?
a: I am not sure but I think it will come out a bit zonkey

q: Where do Crows hang out on a friday nght?
a: At a crow bar. 

q: What do you call a murderer who pours their mike before the cereal?
a: A cereal killer!

q: What do you call a whistleblower stuck in a blizzard?
a: Snowd-en

q: What do you call a retarded five year old chained to a slab with his asshole lubed up?
a: "Daddy."

q: How do u call a Boomerang that doesnt come back ?
a: a Stick

q: What does R. Kelly have in common with Malaysian Airlines?
a: They both think they can fly.

q: Why are feet so funny?
a: Because they're "heel areas" ... I'll show myself out

q: What did the spilled noodles say to the sauce pan?
a: I'm floored!

q: Why are Bananas and Chocolate Good friends?
a: They compliment each other nicely.

q: What phrase would a neckbeard who watches South Park use the most?
a: M'Kay

q: What did the right eye say to the left?
a: There's something between us that smells..

q: What do neckbeards like to spread on their toast?
a: Marma'lady 

q: Innocence, Frustration, Agony, what are they really?
a: Innocence : Nuns doing squats in a cucumber field. Frustration : Attempting to pin diarrhea to a wall. Agony : A horse in a wet suit with an erection. Can anyone else come up with ones for: Benevolence, Joy and Fury?

q: What do you call a Pixar film about Carpets?
a: A Rug's Life.

q: Why can't you escape the angry forest?
a: Because there are mad trees.

q: What makes perfect sense?
a: The U.S. mint (cents)

q: What do you call two debunked ghost sightings?
a: A pair'a'normal activities. 

q: Why is it that there aren't much natural oil resources in China?
a: They ate all the dinosaurs

q: If your vagina or dick were to be an animal, what would it be?
a: Just curious and looking for laughs lol.

q: Why do we feel like whistleblowers right now?
a: Because we're Snowedin.

q: what did the cookie say to the supermodel?
a: I promise not to crumb in your mouth. 

q: Why did the guy get aroused by the highway?
a: Because there were lots of turn ons. 

q: What do Grateful Dead fans say when they run out if weed?
a: Who's playing this Shit?

q: Why didn't Hannibal Lecter have any friends as a kid?
a: He was told not to play with his food. 

q: What insect would Richard Simmons be?
a: Is he a ladybug or a fruit fly?

q: How many Sayians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One. But it'll take 3 episodes, and Krillin dies.

q: What's the difference between a crocodile and a toothbrush?
a: You can't brush your teeth with a crocodile.

q: Why are women so afraid of looking stupid?
a: Because they don't want the world to know!

q: Did you know 50% of Asians in America have cataracts?
a: The other half drive Lincolns

q: What did Batman say to Robin before they got into the car?
a: Get in the car

q: Whats the difference between a burglar and an ex-wife?
a: At least the burglar has the decency to leave you the house.

q: What's 12 inches long and stiff in the morning?
a: Cot death.

q: Why do women find the guy in 50 Shades of Grey sexy?
a: beats me

q: What do you call a bolshevik in a hurry?
a: A rushin' russian.

q: What fabric is worn in Soviet Russia?
a: Linen

q: How often do chemists use HIO?
a: periodically 

q: What is a Jamaican's favorite video game?
a: Smoke-a-mon

q: I met a girl with 12 Nipples, sounds funny?
a: Dozen tit

q: How does Anakin Skywalker get around the Death Star?
a: He takes the elevader. 

q: How does every black joke start?
a: By looking over your shoulder!

q: What type of milk does Mitt Romney use with his cereal?
a: The one percent

q: How much did the pirate farmer charge for his corn?
a: A buck-an-ear!

q: What do you call a French cow that grows sprouts instead of fur?
a: Chia LaBeouf

q: Have you heard about Prince Oxygen?
a: He is heir to the throne.

q: What is a test tube baby's biggest fear?
a: Dingos with straws....!! 

q: What is Kim Kardashian's favorite sex position?
a: On camera. Credit to this week's episode of  .

q: Why do so many new brides get crow's feet as soon as they're married?
a: From squinting and saying, "Suck what?" 

q: What do Mexicans write in school?
a: Essays. 

q: What do you call a muslim, jackie gleason impersonator?
a: Muhammed muhammed muhammena.

q: What do you call the pirate with the second largest penis?
a: Long John Silver First of my original jokes to actually make my girlfriend chuckle.

q: What is that thing on top of a helicopter?
a: A fan. The moment the thing is turned off, the people inside start sweating.

q: How many ways are there to please a guy?
a: Three way.

q: What do you call an archer who got his arms cut off?
a: Deranged.

q: Have you heard that Gandalf is joining the Seahawks as a coach?
a: He has only one strat: "You shall not pass!"

q: Why are almost all brides dresses white?
a: So the dishwasher matches the washing machine

q: Why was the plumber stressed?
a: He had a high pressure job

q: What do you call a $300 hand job from a rapper?
a: Beats by Dre. 

q: What Did The Dying Gambler Say To His Wife?
a: "10 bucks says I don't need this oxygen tank"

q: What is Batman's least favorite TV channel?
a: The Family Channel.

q: What kind of guns do bees use?
a: BeeBee guns

q: Where the most likely place to find a crack whore?
a: Between a rock and a hard place.

q: Why Can't the Guy Addicted to Brake Fluid Quit?
a: He couldn't stop.

q: What does the president of Russia call his toilet?
a: Vladimir's Poo Tin

q: Did you hear about the Ramen warehouse that burned down?
a: Dozens of dollars worth of Ramen was lost.

q: What is the definition of a Freudian slip?
a: when you say one thing and mean a mother. Don't remember where I heard it.  Haven't read it here yet.

q: What is a pirate's favorite letter?
a: (is it "R"?) NAAAAAY!!!    'Tis the C 

q: Why do lesbians never cook?
a: Because they eat out.

q: What is a German's favorite Pokemon?
a: NEINtales

q: Why does Edward Woodwood have four D's in his name?
a: Because otherwise his name would be E-war Woo-woo.

q: Did you hear they caught the peeping tom in Nunavut?
a: His name is Tom Tukaluk

q: What do you call an intersection where a lot of Asians cross?
a: A cross-wok.

q: Why couldn't the artist get a driver's license?
a: He gave off a good Impression, but couldn't make a Van Gogh.

q: How do u know if a company that just hired you conducts drug tests?
a: What is the likelihood it will be a hairtest

q: What do you get when you cross a tyrannosaurus rex with fireworks?
a: DINO-MITE!

q: Will you be my horcrux?
a: I promise I'll leave a piece of me inside you.

q: Why were the ants dancing on top of the jar of jam?
a: It said "twist to open"

q: What's a sailor's favorite solvent?
a:  -- the Seven Cs.

q: Why didn't Hitler ever order the French Dip sandwich when he went out to eat?
a: Because he hated au jus.

q: Hey, did you hear about the Mexican-Indian twins that just moved in next door?
a: They're identical too! Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.

q: What kind of cell phone doesn't have a lock?
a: A Nokia

q: Why don't men want to go down on a woman first thing in the morning?
a: .....have you ever tried to peel apart a grilled cheese?

q: How did the hipster burn his tongue ?
a: How did the hipster burn his tongue ? cos he drank he coffee before it was cool...

q: What's George Washington's favorite element?
a: Americium-1776

q: What do the Japanese do when they have an erection?
a: They vote. 

q: What do you call an arrogant prisoner walking down the stairs?
a: Condescending. ;)

q: What do fat women get for valentines day?
a: Depressed.

q: Whats a frogs favourite website??
a: REDDIT

q: How many divorced men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Nobody knows, the never get to keep the house.

q: What music do cats prefer?
a: Deadmau5

q: What's Gollum's favourite food?
a: Scallops, scallops!

q: Why was the man hanging out in the market all day?
a: I don't know, but it was pretty bazaar

q: What is "Paulie" Pennino's favorite restaurant?
a: Red Robin... Ya Bum

q: What Happened to the Man who Threw a Flaming Bag of Poo?
a: He got turd degree burns.

q: What do single people call Valentine's Day?
a: Independence Day

q: Really Google auto-complete?
a: You really think I want to search for 'hardcore poem'???

q: Did you hear about the guy who could only count using odd numbers?
a: He literally couldn't even.

q: If a man named Terry Richards kills you because you insulted him; what did you die of?
a: Dissing Terry.

q: Why is Superman wanted by the police?
a: He is wanted for being the Man of Steal.

q: What do you call a Mexican with no car?
a: Joaquin

q: Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew?
a: The boy scout returns home from the camp.

q: Why did the motorcycle suddenly stop running?
a: Because it was two tired.

q: What Does an Old Lady's Vagina Taste Like?
a: Depends.

q: What did the french chef give his wife on Valentine's day?
a: A hug and a little quiche.

q: What did the physicist say to the suicidal guy on the bridge?
a: Don't do it! You have potential!

q: What is a suicidal person's favorite card game?
a: Bridge.

q: What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable?
a: Barackoli.

q: Want to hear a good comeback story?
a: Brokeback Mountain.

q: How many Tenors does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
a: Trick Question. They only think they can reach that high.

q: Why do we never take the time to thank mislabeled concrete?
a: It's mistaken for granite.

q: Why is the number '9' like a peacock?
a: It's nothing without its tail.

q: What is the difference?
a: What its the difference between a quarter and a guy? Neither gets had when you want tail

q: What do two people with Parkinson's disease do when they meet for the first time?
a: They shake hands.

q: What do you call it when an employee poops in the food at a Chinese restaurant?
a: Shitty wok 

q: How do you circumcise a West Virginian man?
a: Punch his sister in the throat.

q: Why did the grain call his sister "momma"?
a: Because he was in bread!

q: When should funerals occur?
a: Mourning

q: Why was the piano invented?
a: So that the musician would have a place to put their beer.

q: What do you call friendship between punctuation?
a: Commaraderie

q: Why did Angelina tell Brad to do squats?
a: Because she was tired of a bottomless pitt.

q: What does a dog see in the mirror?
a: A chair

q: What's the deal with rape whistles?
a: I can't imagine a situation in which blowing on a whistle is more effective than yelling "RAPE!"

q: What do you do with a Jew who has ADHD?
a: Put him in a concentration camp

q: Why couldn't the surgeon 3D print a new pair of lungs?
a: He ran out of tissue paper. Edit: Thank you so much for the gold. You have quite possibly made my dreams come true! Never thought something I came up with at 5:00 A.M. would make it happen.

q: Why are assholes always more successful than you?
a: Because they make shit happen.

q: Sir, on a scale of 1 to drunk, where would you say you stand?
a: I'll sit

q: What do you call it when Wonder Woman does too many drugs?
a: Heroine overdose

q: Did you know that a chicken coop can't have more than 3 doors?
a: If it has 4 doors, it's a sedan.

q: What's the difference between the calendar and you?
a: A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.

q: Did hear about the explosion at the Kosher bread factory in Berlin?
a: It was a challahcaust.

q: So, did you see?
a: A man brings his son to the hospital. The boy has severe burns. The doctor asks him what happened. The boy says:"I wanted to see how much gas there was  left in the canister and it was dark, so I lit a match". The doctor, sarcasticly, asks:"So, did you see?". The boys father cries:" The whole fuckin neighborhood saw!!!"

q: How did the Endorian get to school every day?
a: Ewok'd.

q: What have women and condoms got in common?
a: If they're not on your dick they're in your wallet.

q: How many Frenchman does it take to defend France?
a: I don't know. They've never tried.

q: Girl, are you wearing a diaper?
a: Cause I wanna fuck the shit out of you.

q: Dad-which one do u love more?
a: Dad-which one do u love more? papa or mama.. Akpos- both Dad- if i go to America n mama go to Paris.where wil u go? Akpos- Paris Dad- that mins u lyk mama.. Akpos- i lyk paris Dad-if i go to Paris n mama go to America,wher wil u go? Akpos- America Dad- y? Akpos- coz i went to paris b4 

q: What do you call a black guy that you can't see at night?
a: Incognegro.

q: How do you find a velociraptor?
a: By taking the integral of the acceleraptor! Me:  Everyone else: 

q: What's the difference between a horny man and a vampire?
a: Vampires don't come inside without permission

q: Why are turn signals great workers?
a: When they get tired and burn out, they work twice as hard.

q: Did you hear about the butcher that backed into his meat grinder?
a: He got a little behind in his work.

q: Why do white girls group in odd numbers?
a: because they 

q: What do you get when you cross Hitler with a black woman?
a: Aw sieg heil no!

q: What do mathematicians read for fun?
a: conics

q: Why did the man with bronchitis get cremated..?
a: he was tired of coffin.

q: What does a walrus and Tupperware have in common?
a: *What does a walrus and Tupperware have in common? .. They both like a tight seal *What looks like a lemon and shaped like a rock? .. A lemon shaped rock *What is brown and sticky? ..A brown stick

q: You hear what happened to the beauty pageant contestant that came out covered in beef cuts?
a: she was ms. steak'n... and got grilled

q: What was John Locke's favorite beer?
a: Natty Rights

q: What's a teenage fish's favorite website?
a: Prawn Hub

q: What's Fermat's favorite topic in Mathematics aside from his theorem?
a: Fermatation.

q: Did you hear about the man who fell into a lens grinder?
a: He made a spectacle of himself.

q: Why was the baby elf sad?
a: Because he was Legolas 

q: What do priests and christmas trees have in common?
a: Their balls are just for decoration.

q: who paid?
a: Wednesday, Tom and Joe went to a restaurant and ate dinner. When they were done they paid for the food and left. But Tom and Joe didn't pay for the food. Who did?

q: Why did the number 6 cry?
a: Why did the number 6 cry? Because 7 8 9.                (7 ate 9)

q: What murder mystery is especially popular among mathematicians?
a: the Sin of 4

q: Qu tipo de oso es muy desconocido?
a: El misterioso! I'll see myself out now...

q: Why are all these Juice fad diets so popular?
a: Because Juice control the media

q: What's the worst part of locking your keys in the car at an abortion clinic?
a: Having to go inside and ask for a coat hanger.

q: What kind of a cake requires goggles to eat?
a: Bukkake

q: What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?
a: Make me one with everything.

q: What do you call Kim Jong-un reading a Stephen King novel?
a: Fearless Reader

q: What do you get when you mix an insomniac, an agnostic, and a dyslexic?
a: A person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.

q: What is the difference between Susan Boyle and a aircondtioner?
a: An aircondtior can be hot

q: Why isn't China a democracy?
a: Because then they'd have to hold erections.

q: What do you call a prostitute that has sex for free?
a: A priest.

q: What happens when you combine alcohol and literature?
a: Tequila Mockingbird

q: Two cats are swimming across a river, who made it across?
a: one's name is "one two three" and the others name is "un deux trois". who made it across? one two three, because un deux trois cat sank. 

q: What did they call that ancient philosopher from China who quoted a lot about a woman's pussy?
a: cuntfucius

q: How did the bird get his bluetooth to work?
a: He had to parrot.

q: How did Will Smith get caught for committing 1st degree murder?
a: He left fresh prints all over the scene.

q: What does an optimist call the World Trade Center?
a: San Diego.

q: What's a redditors favorite governing body?
a: The Fedoral Government.

q: What do you call a hippopotamus with an STD?
a: A herpepotamus.

q: What lives on a farm and says moo?
a: a bilingual chicken

q: What do you call a White Woman that has had over 4 Abortions?
a: Income Equality activist

q: What's the most sensitive part of your body after you masturbate?
a: Your sense of guilt

q: What can both Christians and Atheists agree on about Jesus?
a: Kanye's not him.

q: Why did the chicken nugget cross the road?
a: To see the chicken strip!!!

q: What do you call a woman who throws letters in the fire?
a: Bernadette

q: What's the best way to get home from school?
a: Don't go to school.

q: What's the one kind of marriage that's still frowned upon in Alabama?
a: Interracial 

q: Where do onions fight?
a: In the onion ring!

q: What do you call a dinosaur who knows how to please its woman?
a: A Lickalottapus

q: What did the dill pickle say to jennifer lopez?
a: U WOt M8>?

q: What's the most sensitive part of your body when you masturbate?
a: Your ears.

q: What's the difference between a cow, and 9/11?
a: You can't milk a cow for 14 years.

q: What did the cannibal say to his co-worker?
a: You should stop by later.   The missus and I are having people for dinner.

q: What did the British gentlepimp say to his accountant bitch?
a: Tally ho!

q: What did the customer say to the overworked seamstress?
a: Wow, you seamstressed out. (I'm so sorry)

q: Which Spanish superhero has three wives?
a: Amor-Man

q: what did the captain say when the navigator complained they were off course?
a: don't give me that latitude

q: What did one ocean say to the other?
a: I'm not completely shore, but it must have been pretty deep. 

q: What did the Giant say after he ate Tonga?
a: 'I want Samoa!'

q: How do you prevent alcoholism?
a: Shots.

q: You ever hear the joke about the 3 holes in the back yard?
a: Well well well....

q: How do you spot a sumo at a feminist rally?
a: Look for the one with shaved legs....

q: What do you call a fat Taylor Swift?
a: Taylor not so Swift

q: What did Rihanna say when asked why she was still with Chris Brown?
a: She shrugged and said "Beats me!"

q: What do you call five black men having sex?
a: A threesome

q: Why weren't the baked beans heating up?
a: They were just chilling

q: Why was the mushroom invited to the party?
a: Because he was a fungi!

q: What the japanese version of mission impossible?
a: Miso impossible

q: What's the hardest part about being a gay, black police officer?
a: The discrimination.

q: whats the worst thing about being a black jew?
a: you have to sit in the back of the oven...

q: How does Big Boss store his photos?
a: On a Solid Snake Drive 120 gb sorry :\

q: How many tweekers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Depends on which method you try....

q: What do you call a selfless pastrami?
a: Pastramyou 

q: What do all battered women have in common?
a: (In a frustrated voice)  They just don't listen.

q: How do you have a party in space?
a: You planet.

q: Did you hear about the baby that was born with three knees?
a: He was born with a left knee, a right knee, and a little wee-knee

q: Did you hear about the guy that only ate one chicken leg per day?
a: He was malnourished due to his paltry (poultry) diet.

q: Why was the French chef sent to prison?
a: He was convicted of crepe. 

q: What did Jesus' disciples say when he caught all those fishes?
a: HOLY MACKAREL!

q: Why did so many jews die at Auschwitz?
a: Because the exit doors were coin operated.

q: What does a Christian terrorist say before blowing up?
a: JESUS HALLELUJAH

q: What did the Arab's father say when the teacher told him his son bombed the test?
a: "Thats great!"

q: Why did the monkey get lost in the jungle?
a: Because jungle is massive.

q: What kind of flour is independent?
a: Self-Raising flour.. I'll get my coat.

q: What has happened to common sense these days?
a: Its become nothing but pocket change.

q: What word becomes shorter when you add two letters?
a: Short. 

q: How do trains from different countries understand each other?
a: With a trainslator 

q: How many Christian women does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: nun

q: What do performing oral sex on a constipated woman and working for the Mafia have in common?
a: One wrong slip of the tongue and you'll probably wind up in deep shit.

q: What do you call drunken cunnilingus?
a: Lick'er.

q: What do you call a sexy cousin?
a: 87.5% unrelated. (Shamelessly stolen from  )

q: Do you know what my dad and Brad Pitt have in common?
a: Neither came to my birthday party

q: What does the nosey pepper do?
a: Get jalapeo business!

q: What do vegetables say when they go to party's?
a: TURNUP!

q: I'm agnostic. What happens to me when I die?
a: Idk. (I decay)

q: What did the Men's Right's Activist say when he left his piano out in the rain?
a: MUH SOGGY KEYS!

q: What country are you most likely to get a disease?
a: GERMany.

q: Why did Bruce Jenner crash his car?
a: Because she's a woman.

q: What do you call a woman that sets her bills on fire?
a: Bernadette.

q: How many people from Svalbard does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: Light? What's that?

q: What is the coldest dish at a Mexican restaurant?
a: a b-r-r-r-r-ito

q: What do you call a priest giving a long, boring sermon?
a: An anes-theologist. (close enough)

q: How is Jerry Sandusky like a tortoise?
a: He gets there before the hare

q: What do you call a beautiful woman on the arm of a banjo player?
a: A tattoo.

q: What has Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville got in common?
a: They both fucked minors

q: What's the difference between a civilian camp and an ISIS base?
a: I don't know I just fly the drones

q: Whats the difference between a corvette and a blowjob?
a: Your mom didnt give me a corvette

q: What does Soylent Green taste like?
a: It varies from person to person.

q: What's a Russian's favorite Italian dish?
a: Pepperoni Picza!

q: What do you call a guy who hangs out with musicians?
a: Kanye

q: What is a lesbians favorite type of woodworking joint?
a: Tongue and groove

q: What Do You Call an Epileptic in a Pile of Leaves?
a: Russell

q: I'm agnostic. What happens when I die?
a: Idk... 

q: What' the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Michael Phelps can finish a race

q: What's black and white and can't turn around in a corridor?
a: A nun with a javelin in her throat.  (The only joke I can ever recall when asked for one. Told to me by my art teacher in Grade 11. Needless to say, he was my favourite teacher)

q: What's the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom?
a: A Pickpocket snatches watches.

q: Why are liars so lazy?
a: Because they are always lying in bed!

q: Do Muslims scream Allahu Akbar when they blow their load into a goat?
a: No, they just whisper it so the goat doesn't get startled. 

q: What did one testicle say to the other?
a: "Hey I hear your neighbor's a real dick"

q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato?
a: The lettuce was a head and the tomato was trying to ketchup.

q: Why does Neville Longbottom like herbology so much?
a: Because his parents are vegetables. Source: On mobile so can't post link but it's the ask reddit thread about Harry Potter being written in a different perspective.

q: For my SysAdmins and DBA's: Why did Hitler secretly want to work on MySQL?
a: .. just so he could rewrite my.cnf

q: why was the sand wet?
a: because the sea-weed.

q: What do you call a very forgiving lawyer?
a: S'aul Good man.

q: Where can Sihks and Muslims buy headwear?
a: Turban Outfitters.

q: Is it a coincidence that as soon as Bruce Jenner turns into a female, that she becomes a bad driver?
a: Too soon?

q: What do you call a huge pile of kittens?
a: A meowntain!

q: What do you call a joke that is not funny?
a: An unfunny joke 

q: How many people from Cornwall does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: They don't care, as long as they do it better than people from Devon.

q: Why do old people read the bible so much?
a: I asked my grandad the other day "why do old people read the bible so much?" He replied "cause we're cramming for finals"

q: So, a bird flies in front of a pitcher and gets hit by a baseball. What do the umpires rule it?
a: Fowl ball

q: So, Bruce Jenner wants to become a women, eh?
a: He's already got the driving part down.

q: How do you leave a bunch of idiots in suspense?
a: I'll tell you guys tomorrow

q: What anime do Mexicans watch?
a: Boku no Pico de Gallo

q: What's a Redditor's favorite color?
a: M'genta

q: What do you get when a cow jumps over a barbed-wire fence?
a: Udder destruction!

q: What's the problem with North Korea?
a: It has no Seoul!!

q: Why is Pavlov's hair so soft?
a: Classic conditioning.

q: What do you get when you have a nosey pepper?
a: It gets jalapeo business.

q: What's do you call a cross between an elephant and a rhino?
a: 'ell if I know.

q: What are the chances you know an Olympic gymnast??
a: A stretch

q: Do you need an arc?
a: Cos i noah guy

q: What did Katy Perry steal from Dr. Frankenstein's closet?
a: The Tie of the Igor.

q: Is it weird that Nirvana's In Utero album cover turns me on?
a: No wait, it isn't In Utero.  It's...Nevermind

q: What do you call the most successful vasectomist in American history?
a: American Snipper

q: Who do you give a lost gun to?
a: The rifle owner.

q: What do you call it when you hold a Jewish girl under the covers and fart?
a: A dutch oven...

q: What's long, black, and dangerous to cut?
a: The line at KFC.

q: How long does it take for a Somalian to shit?
a: 9 months.

q: Did you hear that Lorena Bobbitt got killed in a car crash?
a: ......yeah, some dick cut her off.................

q: Math joke: Why can't you derivate a social scientist?
a: Because they don't have a function

q: More than one punchline?
a: I'm looking for jokes that have more than one punchline.   One option is jokes that have two different endings, both funny (e.g.:   ) A second option is jokes that don't end after the first punchline and continue on to a second punchline (e.g.:   ) There may be more options.  Do you know of any jokes that fit these criteria?

q: How many moderators does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: [deleted]

q: What do calenders eat?
a: Nothing. Calenders are inanimate objects that are used to keep  track of the date and important events.

q: Where do you get 'Extra Virgin' olive oil?
a: Really ugly olives.

q: Did you hear Bruce Jenner was in a car accident?
a: He was unhurt but his tranny was damaged. 

q: what's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
a: the taste.

q: What's the most annoying thing someone can say?
a: Nevermind. 

q: Why do golfers bring an spare change of pants?
a: Just in case they get a hole in one. Credit to 

q: What did they call Muhammad Ali when he got the farts?
a: Gassius Clay

q: How can a law student make it?
a: lowering the bar. or not to.

q: What Kind of Pee Comes Out Your Butt?
a: Poo Pee.

q: What's the best language for jokes?
a: Punjabi.

q: What do you call a lesbian who drives a Chevy Astro full of penises?
a: A Dick Van Dyke

q: What do you call it when a transcendentalist author looks at old photos?
a: Thoreau Back Thursday

q: What did Mike Tyson call the groom with cold feet?
a: A Puthy

q: Why was Thor disappointed by his birthday party?
a: Because it was more Loki than he wanted. 

q: What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a dog have in common?
a: A wet nose.

q: What's the best way to piss off your best friend?
a: Stand on top of his head and make it rain.

q: What is the difference between a black person and a tire?
a: The tire doesn't sing gospels when you put it in chains.

q: What did the baker name her dog?
a: Pido.

q: Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with 5 guys?
a: She came home with a big, red snapper.

q: Where did the small road go to college?
a: Tulane University

q: What did the two oceans say to each-other?
a: Nothing, they just waved.

q: What do you call a security guard stationed outside of a Samsung?
a: A Guardian of the Galaxy

q: What does a Mexican magician use?
a: A magic Juan

q: What do you call a white girl that runs faster than her brothers?
a: A redneck virgin 

q: What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge?
a: The fridge doesn't fart when you pull meat out.

q: Did you hear about the shooting at the blind school?
a: They never saw it coming.

q: What do you call a Mexican Jedi?
a: Obi-Juan

q: Why are redneck murders hard to solve?
a: No dental records and the DNA is all the same.

q: What do you call a homeless horse?
a: Unstable. 

q: How do you stop your dog from humping your leg?
a: You suck his dick. How can you tell your dogs gay? His dick tastes like shit.

q: Where does a porn addict keep his videos?
a: In his sex drive

q: How do you save a drowning black family?
a: As a .jpg

q: Why are there so many Asians?
a: Its the food. There is too much raw dog.  Heard it on Adam Carolla's Podcast. A caller phoned in and told it to Adam. Thought you guys would like it. 

q: If Pokemon had a national holiday, what would it be called?
a: Ash Wednesday

q: How did Canada get its name?
a: They picked random letters out of a hat. C.... eh? N... eh? D....eh?

q: How do astronomers organize a party?
a: They planet.

q: Why doesn't Usain Bolt have a girlfriend?
a: Because he's literally the fastest man on earth  (get it cuz sex)

q: Whats the difference between a Greyhound bus station and a Lobster with a breast implant?
a: One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean ;)

q: What does a cannibal do after he dumps his wife?
a: Wipes his ass.

q: What belongs in the bank and doesn't exist?
a: My tax refund.

q: What did Ahab yell out to Moby Dick as it swam away?
a: Catch you later!

q: How did Kikkoman soy sauce move production to China?
a: They outsauced it.

q: What do you call an upside-down "W"?
a: An M-poster

q: What did Ozzy Osbourne do after eating a whole Bull?
a: He threw up the horns.

q: Why are women's feet smaller than men's?
a: So they can stand closer to the sink.

q: Did you hear about the SJW that shot up that mall?
a: The news put out a trigger warning.

q: What did the cashier say after handing down a wad of currency to Dracula?
a: "Count Dracula."

q: Why did the scientist study soda?
a: Because he was a physicist.

q: What group would an obese racist join?
a: The cake-cake-cake. 

q: [OC] What is the emergency number?
a: When I was in London, UK, I asked my Indian colleague if he knows  the emergency number in UK. He answered '349'. I said 'No it's not. It's 999'. He insisted 'Yes 349'. Thinking he was a deaf but knowing he is not I said 'No it is 999'. So he answered slowly. 'Yes TTTRRRRIIII PPOOOLLLLL NINE!!' in Indian Accent.

q: How many dead babies does it take to fill up my house?
a: One more.

q: What do Jesus and a nerd have in common?
a: Both are long-haired, live at their parents' till their 30's, and if they'll do anything, it is considered a miracle.

q: Why did the greek philosopher break in two?
a: He was made out of Plato

q: Why can't the two melons get married?
a: I don't know but they cantaloupe.

q: I have this idea tell me what you think?
a: I say that we start the NBDBL (National blind dodge ball league) and then televise it. What are your thoughts on this? 

q: Why did Al Gore have to schedule a dentist appointment?
a: Because of an inconvenient tooth. 

q: Did you hear about the flasher who was thinking about retiring?
a: He decided to stick it out for another year. 

q: Why don't sharks eat niggers?
a: They think it's whale shit.

q: What is the difference between Jesus and Hitler?
a: Jesus fed 5000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish... Hitler made 6 million Jews toast... 

q: Knock, knock. Who's there?
a: Interrupting cow.  Interup.....MOO!

q: Walk a mile in someone else's shoes?????
a: NOOOO, THANK you! I don't even wanna walk a mile in my own shoes!!! Do you know how long a mile is?

q: What do you do after you licked the softest and sweetest puss in the world?
a: You put it back in the crib.

q: What's 20 feet long and smells like piss?
a: It's a line dance at the old folks home...

q: What do you call a party with 100 midgets?
a: A little get together.

q: What did the triangle need to do before he could get a loan?
a: He needed somebody to cosine.

q: How do you get a 90 year old lady to yell fuck?
a: Get another 90 year old to yell "BINGO!"

q: How is American beer like having sex in a canoe?
a: It's fucking close to water.

q: Why did the music critic compare the song to a foul-mouthed mixture of sand and wind?
a: Because it was Da-rude Sandstorm

q: Why couldn't the physicist understand how boats work?
a: He thought nothing could possibly travel faster than sea.

q: Which person leaves first after a glory hole blowjob?
a: Please answer. It's very urgent.

q: What sis Selenium say to Xenon?
a: U SeXe.

q: How did Freddie Mercury do in school?
a: He got straight "gays"

q: What kind of drugs to tumblr users take?
a: Anti-oppressants.

q: Hello everyone. How are we?
a: ...was the capital of Wodesia

q: Whats the complement to a 40 degree angle?
a: My you're looking "acute" today.

q: If a stork symbolizes birth what type of bird symbolizes birth control?
a: A swallow

q: Why are there so few professional pedophiles?
a: Most of them prefer playing in the minors.

q: Did I ever tell you about the time I had a fart that lasted for an entire minute?
a: It's a long-winded story.

q: Why is Cinderella so bad at football?
a: A. Because she's got a pumpkin for a coach B. Because she keeps running away from the ball

q: What's the difference between my meat and my wife?
a: Nothing. I beat both.

q: What was Hitler's favorite food?
a: steamed Franks 

q: What do you call the man who proofread Hitler's speeches?
a: The original grammar Nazi.

q: What is the purpose of the bumps around a womens nipple?
a: It's braille for blind babies... -=Women=-  It spells out ...."Suck here"   -=Men=- " I am the daddy " 

q: What did the elevator say to the stairs?
a: Never mind, I'll escalator

q: Why are Nazis so good at math?
a: They always come up with the final solution.

q: Son, who is that German guy who keeps hiding things in our house?
a: Alzheimer, granpa.

q: Did you hear about the native American who tried to beat the world record for drinking the most tea?
a: The next day he was found dead in his tea pee

q: What is a prostitutes business motto?
a: The customer always comes first.

q: What do elderly zombies crave?
a: BRAAAAAAAAAAAAANS 

q: What kind of chili do they serve at the cannibal prison??
a: Chili CON Carne!

q: What type of bonds deals with the bad guys?
a: James

q: What's the cutest part of a house?
a: The awning. I know, I'm sorry.

q: What do you call a condensed version of the history of ISIS?
a: What do you call a condensed version of the history of ISIS? CaliphNotes!

q: What do you call a smarty pants?
a: ...... A jeanius

q: What's a crossfit bro's favorite Italian dish?
a: Testosteroni.

q: What's a Porn Star's favorite spell?
a: Expecto Erection

q: Is there some organization that evaluates the quality of shea butter?
a: Because if so, it could have Fifty Grades of Shea.

q: What tastes good on pie, but not on pussy?
a: Crust.

q: why are most reddit posts medium rare?
a: because they certainly aren't rare, and are definitely not well done.

q: Why did the chicken cross the Mbius strip?
a: To get to the same side.

q: Do you know why the nobles always mistreated their peasants?
a: Because they're all a bunch of vassals.

q: What did the blind paraplegic get for Christmas?
a: cancer.

q: What will never be read in braille?
a: Do not touch.

q: What do you call a dog that harasses kids?
a: A pit bully!

q: Why does it take more than a million sperms to fertilize one egg?
a: 1) Female Ego... Rejection without Reason! 2) Male Ego... Won't Ask For Directions!

q: How do cats let us know that they are in pain ?
a: Me...........Owwwwww!!

q: What do you and a black hole have in common?
a: You're both dense motherfuckers.

q: Why don't amateur pornstars use big words?
a: Because they're all laymen.

q: What do hobbits secretly call Gandalf when he drinks too much ?
a: The White Wizzer

q: What do you call a pig that knows karate?
a: A pork chop.

q: What size box of condoms do you never want to buy?
a: The family size.

q: Anyone ever see Stevie Wonders wife?
a: Neither has he.

q: What's the worst part about being a gay bathhouse attendant?
a: Shitty tips.

q: How many absurdists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Yarn. 

q: What happens when someone mixes Francium, Oxygen, Tungsten, and Nitrogen after it explodes?
a: The chemist may frown.

q: What stresses fish out the most?
a: Current events. 

q: Where did the suicide bomber go when he died?
a: EVERYWHERE!

q: What do your mother and a marathon have in common?
a: They are both doable as long as you don't mind following a bunch of black guys.

q: Why did the duck go into Rehab?
a: Because he was a quack head

q: Why were the people in the twin towers so upset?
a: They ordered pepperoni and all they got was plane

q: Why are women like magazines?
a: They have a lot of issues

q: What do you call a butt inspection by ISIS?
a: Anal-isis.

q: Why should you try to date girls you meet at the gym?
a: Because you already know she'll work out.

q: Why would somebody punch a sheep?
a: Ewe wouldn't understand.

q: What are the inhabitants of Crete called?
a: Cretins!

q: Why do asians eat dogs?
a: Because they like their dicks?(* eating them ofcourse) I seriously dont know.

q: Why is 2 Phosphorus Oxygen Carbon the greatest rapper from the elements?
a: 2POC

q: Did you hear about the word that's changed in the dictionary?
a: It means to make or become different.

q: What is a Canadian's favourite letter?
a: Eh?

q: What do you call an Arab man who drives a bus?
a: A bus driver.

q: What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection?
a: Gingerbread

q: What kind of bird flies around bays?
a: Bagles

q: Why did the banker resign?
a: His customers lost interest in him.

q: What runs well and efficiently except when you need it to?
a: The Seattle Seahawks

q: What does an Alzheimer's patient say whenever they browse /r/funny?
a: "Hey, this looks new!"

q: Do Frenchmen like slides?
a: OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIIIII!

q: What did Missy Elliot say to Tony Abbot?
a: Is it worth it?

q: What is the difference between a Chickpea and a Lentil?
a: I've never had a Lentil on my chest.

q: What did Chris Christie say when asked if he had plans to run in the 2016 presidential election?
a: "After giving it a substantial amount of thought and discussing it with my advisors, I've decided against it. I mean, I'd love to, and I appreciate those who'd support me, but I feel like I wouldn't be able to take the stress mentally- and physically." After being asked what physical stress he'd experience, he responded: "I don't think I'd be able to handle that much running."

q: Why the patriots deflated 11 balls out of 12?
a: because they knew the "12" will be deflated during/after Superbowl.

q: How do you describe getting cancer on your resume?
a: As a real growth opprotunity

q: LPT: Think content you are looking for has been removed from the internet?
a: Just ask the NSA, They always keep backups!

q: An art teacher comes across a badly made nude painting. What does she say?
a: "This butt a scratch!"

q: Hey Seattle, Wanna win the Superbowl?
a: No thanks, We'll pass!

q: If Gandalf was a women, what color would her robes be?
a: Red.

q: How did the turtle with no arms and no legs cross the freeway?
a: Here's a hint: take the F out of Free and take the F out of Way

q: Where can you find the best joke book in the world?
a: The Seattle Seahawks play book. Edit: sorry for the typo.

q: What's the worst thing about eating a vegetable?
a: ...the wheelchair

q: What's better than being the first Black President of the United States?
a: Being the 45th white one. 

q: How do Russians in the taiga make fun of each other online?
a: -bullying

q: How do you reuse a condom?
a: Turn it inside out and shake the shit out of it!

q: Do you know what's the hardest about being a narcissist?
a: Well, when I'm looking in the mirror, me. 

q: Why didn't the Seahawks give the ball to Marshawn Lynch?
a: They couldn't fined him.

q: What's a mathematician's favorite plant?
a: Geometry

q: Hey Seattle, wanna win the Superbowl?
a: "No thanks, we'll pass" 

q: Does anyone know any good Groundhog Day jokes?
a: Because I keep hearing the same ones over and over

q: What do you call an Irishman who slept out on the lawn all night?
a: Patty-O`Furniture

q: What do you say to encourage someone who is masturbating?
a: You do you!

q: Why was Noah the best businessman?
a: He floated his stock while the rest of the world was in liquidation. The greatest journalist? Samson. He took two columns and made an impression on everyone.

q: How do you know you're a Seattle Seahawk?
a: A butler serves you.

q: Hey, you wanna win?
a: Nah, we'll pass. 

q: What's the difference between six dicks and a joke?
a: You can't take a joke.

q: Why should you never tell jokes about Hitler?
a: Because your friends might Nazi (not see) the humor.

q: Why did the football coach go to the bank?
a: To get his quarterback!!

q: How do you make the 12th man Happy?
a: FIRE BEVELL

q: How did King George view the colonists?
a: He thought they were revolting 

q: How do you win a superbowl without cheating?
a: I don't know, I'm a Patriots fan

q: How to comfort a homosexuals family if hes in a coma?
a: You can always say "well, look at it this way; he was a fruit, now hes a vegetable!"

q: What's a woman's best curve?
a: Her smile.

q: How did pinocchio find out that he was made out of wood?
a: His hand caught fire.

q: How do you kill 10 flies at once?
a: Slap an African child in the face.

q: How was my engagement the same as my divorce?
a: In the end, I settled.

q: Did Ilean ever get in touch with you?
a: "Ilean who?" I lean over and you kiss my ass!

q: What do you call a root vegetable wearing a tank top?
a: A bro-tato

q: Why did my girlfriend cross the road?
a: To get back to the first shop we went to 4 fucking hours ago!

q: What do you call an interracial dwarf actor?
a: A half cast

q: What's the best part of having kids?
a: Making them.  

q: What do you do when you come across a bear in the woods?
a: Wipe it off and say sorry. (My uncle told me this joke when I was five. I didn't get it at the time, and he knew I'd get it someday. That makes it kind of funnier. One day when I was like 14, I suddenly remembered that joke and went, "Oh! Now I get it!" and laughed my ass off.)

q: The best part about Puppy Bowl?
a: Since all the puppies are already neutered, there's no worry about deflated balls giving one team an advantage...

q: Guess where my cheating girlfriend now lives?
a: Idaho

q: What's the difference between a waterproofer and a porn star?
a: Eventually,  a waterproofer stops coming home with cock all over them. Forgive my accent, I meant caulk. (My first waterproofing joke)

q: Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions?
a: I do.

q: What do you call a Lesbian Dinosaur?
a: A Lickalotofpuss 

q: What would Michael Jackson be doing if he were alive right now?
a: Probably clawing at the inside of his coffin.

q: My dad told me this one: What do you call a room full of 50 lesbians and 50 nuns?
a: 100 people who don't do dick.

q: What do you call a gay tramp?
a: Hobosexual

q: Why is it called stand-up comedy?
a: Because people in wheelchairs shouldn't be laughed at.

q: What do you call a wife that knows where her husband is at all time?
a: A widow

q: What's the difference between a plastic tube and an adjustable spanner ?
a: Both of em are in plastic, except for the adjustable spanner

q: What's the best form of protection when you don't have a condom?
a: A fake name

q: What do The Walking Dead and the state of Wisconsin have in common?
a: They both have a hated governor.

q: What do you get when you cross a rooster and an owl?
a: A cock that stays up all night.

q: What did the quadruple amputee say when he couldn't solve the riddle?
a: I'm stumped.

q: What do you get when you cross egg whites with a bomb?
a: A boomerang 

q: Why did the baker only date large breasted women?
a: Because he kneaded them. 

q: What does IDK stand for?
a: Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?" Brunette: "I dont know." Blonde: "OMG, nobody does!"

q: What did the Hawaiian Jihadist say?
a: Aloha Akbar.

q: What did M. Night Shyamalan say about a duck's penis?
a: What a twist. 

q: What's the easiest thing to lift with a forklift?
a: A palette.

q: what do you call 2 Puerto Ricans playing basketball?
a: Juan on Juan

q: What is the first thing a cannibal does after dumping his girlfriend?
a: He wipes his ass.

q: Want to know how to make tons of people mad real fast?
a: your about to now how. 

q: Why did the groom want his bride to wear white?
a: He wanted his new dish washer to match his fridge.

q: What does The Lion King have a lot of?
a: Simbalism 

q: How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are?
a: They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.

q: Did you hear about the lawyer with a fetish for loopholes?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: What did the Jew say to Kim Kardashian's booty?
a: "Isreal?"

q: Why are wedding in Wales so inexpensive?
a: The brides are already dressed in white.

q: What's Romeo and Juliette's least favorite fruit?
a: cantelope 

q: How can you use a banana as a compass?
a: Place a banana on the Berlin Wall. East is where a bite has been taken out of it.

q: What does a man with a 10 inch dick have for breakfast?
a: Well, this morning I had bacon, eggs, juice...

q: What's the difference between an American zoo and a Chinese zoo?
a: An American zoo will only have a description of the animal. The Chinese zoo has the price and recipe of the animal.

q: Have you ever seen one of those billboards that just says "AVAILABLE" and a phone number?
a: That's your mom's number.

q: What's Adam Levine's favorite holiday?
a: Halloween Halloween Halloween!

q: Why couldn't the dinosaur cross the road?
a: There were no roads!

q: What disease do terrible parkers have?
a: parkin'sins

q: What do you call a gang of penguins?
a: A ganguin 

q: What was the last thing that went through JFK Jr's mind when his plane crashed?
a: The console. What was JFK Jr's wife drinking when the plane crashed?  Ocean Spray.

q: What's the only thing worse than a poop joke?
a: A corny poop joke. You can really visualize it.

q: What do Jews throw when they riot?
a: Mozeltov Cocktails

q: What did 50cent say when Eminem made him a sweater for Christmas?
a: ju ju  ju ju  ju ju  G-Unit?

q: How do tiny Mexicans cut their pizza?
a: Little Ceasars

q: Who does a lobster have in common with a broken hearted chinaman?
a: They are both crustaceans. 

q: What do buzzards in Kansas eat?
a: Carrion, my wayward son.

q: Are curses real?
a: of course the f*cking are... (thanks dad)

q: Did you hear about the tourist who visited France?
a: He went to Paris and saw an Eiffel

q: what do you call twin chinese rappers?
a: two chengs

q: What's the difference between a muffin and a jew?
a: a muffin doesn't scream when you put it in an oven.

q: What happened to the Italian chef when he died?
a: He  .

q: Why did the man drowning in the river think he wasn't going to die?
a: He was in de-Nile.

q: Son: Mom! Whats a gf?
a: Mom: if youre a good boy, youll  get one when youre older. Son: What is Im not a good boy? Mom: Youll get many.

q: What's the best way to get a Punjab in India?
a: Hire a cunning linguist.

q: What do you do if a 4 year old girl catches you masturbating?
a: Untie her

q: (Restaurant joke) What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
a: Canoes tip.

q: Did you hear about that new restaurant on the moon?
a: It has great food, but it has no atmosphere.

q: What's the difference between a shrimp with big tits and a bus station full of old people?
a: One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station!

q: Will playing "GTA IV: The Ballad of Gay Tony" make me a homosexual?
a: Same question for "GTA IV: The Lost and The Damned.

q: What does a baby computer call it's father?
a: Data

q: What kind of potato chips do dogs like best?
a: RUFFles

q: How many retards does it take to push a bus?
a: Just one. They're retardedily strong.

q: What's the difference between child prostitution & whisky?
a: Aged whisky costs more.

q: What do you call a chocolate cake??
a: A dindonuffin muffin

q: For all you World of Tanks players: what does LTP stand for?
a: LeichtTractor Premium

q: What do you call a robot whose brain is unplugged?
a: Mentally dis-cabled. 

q: What did the call of duty player say to his girlfriend about gaining weight?
a: EX SO FAT

q: What is long, white, and very sticky?
a: The coming of the Lord!

q: Why can't you have sex after playing Assassin's Creed?
a: Because Ubisoft

q: What do computer programmers and aged-care nurses have in common?
a: They both worry about the position of colons.

q: What did the fish thief say to the cops when he turned himself in?
a: I gillt was killing me.

q: What do ateists wear on their necks as an indication of their commitment to the atheism?
a: Head.

q: What do you call an actor who converts to Judaism?
a: A Christian bail.

q: A Spanish, Greek and Portuguese man go to a bar. Who pays for the drinks?
a: The German!

q: What is mother-approved and child-tested?
a: Coat-Hanger Abortions

q: Did you hear about the Marine Rabbi that travelled the world giving circumcisions?
a: They made a movie about him: American Snipper

q: What do straight guys and lesbians have in common?
a: They both like girls

q: What does a baby computer call its father?
a: Data

q: Who is both a knight and a spy?
a: Sir Veillance

q: How do you keep an idiot busy?
a: loading...

q: What did the scarecrow say before committing suicide?
a: "Thats the last straw!"  helped me refine the wording.

q: How many successive 'ands' can you fit into a sentence with it still making sense?
a: The landlord at The Dog And Duck pub needed a new sign to hang above the door, so he contacted his signwriter. The signwriter arrived a week later with the new sign, hung it above the door, and asked the landlord what he thought.  The landlord replied with, "I like it. However, I do feel that there should be bigger spaces between ' ' and ' ', and ' ' and ' '".

q: Anyone seen "Captain Phillips"?
a: If not, I have a pirated copy you can borrow.

q: Do you know the best way to cook lamb?
a: Well done ewe.

q: What's the best part of having sex with twenty seven year olds?
a: There are twenty of them.

q: What happened to the road?
a: Depressions.

q: Want to hear a muslim joke?
a: [Deleted]

q: Anyone heard that joke going around about paper?
a: I thought it was pretty tearable.

q: What Does a Man With a 12 Inch Cock Have For Breakfast?
a: This morning I had a boiled egg.

q: What did the Lion say to the Rhino?
a: Y NO LEGS!

q: Why didn't the airline passenger check his vulture?
a: Because it's a carrion bird.

q: How did Harry potter get down the mountain?
a: Running... JK rolling

q: What do you call a nice guy with hemorrhoids?
a: A stand up guy

q: What building has the most stories?
a: A library.

q: What do they tell Soviet children who want to achieve their dreams?
a: Shoot for the Tsars.

q: How do you spell Canada in Canadian?
a: C, eh! N, eh!, D, eh!

q: Why do Russians celebrate Christmas on the 7th of January?
a: Cause eight reindeer and a sleigh are a lot quicker than 6 pigs and a stoneboat. 

q: How do you know if a flock of geese is from Canada?
a: They fly in an 'A' (eh)

q: Why did the man drowning in the Nile River think he wasn't going to die?
a: Because he was in de-nile.

q: Where does Batman go to get a haircut?
a: Batman-do

q: Why was the cop absent from work?
a: He had swine flu 

q: How do you kill a circus?
a: ...go for the Juggler!

q: Why should you never play Uno with a foreigner?
a: Because they will always steal the green cards.

q: What does a computer say when it encounters a skunk?
a: C: PU!

q: What do sick composers drink?
a: Tchai   Tea

q: What did Sting get in Amsterdam?
a: A massage in a brothel

q: What does a black man and a tornado have in common?
a: It only takes one to ruin a neighborhood.

q: Which video game would Adolf Hitler play?
a: Mein Kraft

q: What's a communists favourite sporting event?
a: Commonwealth Games

q: What does a hillbilly farmer call a deer with no eyes?
a: Noeyedeer  (Say it out loud) 

q: Did you see the headline about the 5 foot tall psychic that escaped from prison?
a: It was: "Small medium at large"

q: How do you have nasal sex?
a: Fuck knows

q: What do you call a fake piece of spagetti?
a: An impasta

q: What is the difference between a boat and a woman?
a: The boat cuts through the water, a woman waters through the cut.

q: Why do New Zealanders have so many furry conventions?
a: Because they're kiwis.

q: Why couldn't Ray Charles read?
a: Because he's blind you racist.

q: What sexual position produces the ugliest babies?
a: Go ask your mother.

q: Why do we all need a Jew for a friend?
a: Because he'll never give you a penny for your thoughts, he'll never put his two cents in, & he'll never drop a dime on you!

q: How does the Catholic Church make their holy water?
a: They boil the hell out of it.

q: What do you call a midget who directs Dirty Jobs?
a: A Micromanager.

q: Anyone still keeping up with their New Year's resolutions?
a: I am... Still 1080p

q: What do they call number 17 in black jack ?
a: The stepmother, because sometimes you want to hit her, even though you shouldn't

q: What does batman get in his drinks?
a: Just Ice

q: Where does virgin wool come from?
a: Ugly sheep. 

q: When should I borrow the Fatboy Slim joke from the library?
a: Right about now, funk soul brother. Check it out now, funk soul brother.

q: What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and Scotsman?
a: The Rolling Stones say "Hey, you, get off of my cloud." A Scotsman says "Hey, McCloud, get off of my ewe." 

q: What color were eyes of the Astronaut on the Challenger when it exploded?
a: Blue.  One blue this way  <---- and the other blue that way    ----->

q: Why are fisherman so successful in business?
a: Because they use "net" profits

q: OC that I came up with whilst daydreaming: Why is there no sofa in the forbidden kingdom?
a: ... because Mao is more of a chair man!

q: What has 10,000 legs and can't walk?
a: Jerry's Kids...

q: Why don't asians like to applause?
a: Because every time they do all they do is crap

q: How do you tell if someone is riding a bicycle for fitness or because they have a DUI?
a: The cigarette.

q: Is it alright to kiss a nun?
a: Yeah. As long as you don't get in the habit.

q: What happens to a bacteria when he travels from his home colony to another?
a: He experiences culture shock.

q: Who are the greatest philosophers today?
a: The TSA. They are always asking people, "Who are you?", "Where did you come from?", "Why are you here?", and "Where are you going?"

q: What do you call a melon that's had a bit too much to drink?
a: A Watermelon...

q: What do a chop shop and a desperate actress have in common?
a: They both strip for parts!

q: What's a philosophers favorite toy?
a: Plato

q: So, What do you call some soapy water on the floor?
a: Now you're just some bubbles that I used to blow.

q: Which is more stable, a hamburger or a steak?
a: Hamburger, it's in the ground state.

q: How many women does it take to make me a sandwich?
a: What the fuck are you waiting for bitch?  Get in there and make me a fucking sandwich!!!  

q: Do you remember when your grandma was younger?
a: Neither does she.

q: How come the T Rex was an excellent stenographer?
a: short hands..

q: Are you a geologist?
a: You can analyse my rocks anytime ;)

q: What do you call the higher-ups of the World Health Organisation?
a: The who's-who of WHO!

q: how many people does it take to save the world?
a: zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)

q: What did Marshawn Lynch say when he went to traffic school?
a: I'm just here so I won't get fined.

q: Why should the Roman Catholic Church allow priests to marry?
a: They would have a more detailed understanding of what Hell is actually like.

q: Why do terrorists recruit married men as suicide bombers?
a: They're easier to convince.

q: What is the most crucial element of Oology?
a: Eggsact measurements.

q: Did you hear about the psychic dwarf who escaped from prison?
a: No?  Be careful, there's a small medium at large.

q: How do you know your fridge is going through menopause?
a: It's all out of eggs..

q: How come we never see hideous fish men around any more?
a: Dagon.

q: Who can shave 25 times in one day, and still have a beard?
a: A barber!

q: What do you call a farmer who is really good at his job?
a: A man who is outstanding in his field.

q: What is the most popular vehicle in South America?
a: They drive alpacars.

q: How are asymptotes like women?
a: You can get close to it, but you can't touch it

q: What do you call a fedora wearing neck beard president's wife?
a: First M'lady 

q: Are you seeing someone?
a: Me: Are you seeing someone? Girl: Um, no. Me: Not even a psychiatrist?

q: Why did God create men?
a: Because vibrators can't mow the lawn.

q: Why did the physicist throw out his shag rug?
a: He assumed the lawnmower was a vacuum 

q: What fruit worries teenagers the most?
a: A promegranate.

q: what do mexicans and cue balls have in common?
a: the harder you hit them, the more english they pick up...

q: Why are manholes round?
a: They figured three squares was enough for the sewers to handle.

q: Did you hear about the blonde who tried the Dr. Scholls footmapping machine?
a: She was disappointed to learn she'd gained 300 pounds.

q: What do you call a dog with no hind legs and metal balls?
a: Sparky

q: Where do people with one leg work?
a: ihop

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Puerto Rico?
a: He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.

q: What do you call a pirate's girlfriend?
a: Pirate bae

q: Did you hear about the comedian that calls himself "The Sofa King"?
a: He's sofa king funny.

q: Any golf jokes?
a: Was hoping you guys would have a few golf jokes for when I play my first game tomorrow. From PG to R rated is fine with me ;)

q: What is Adam's brother called?
a: Subtractem

q: What happens when you get mixed up in an undersea gang war?
a: You get a crab wound. So you go the police but they clam't help you. Eventually you end up at the hospital and they tell you you'll need a sturgeon. Then you murder everyone because you are so god damn tired of their undersea puns. 

q: What is Romeo and Juliet's least favorite fruit?
a: Can't- elope! 

q: What did the suicide bomber ask his son?
a: "What do you want to be when you blow up?"

q: What did Ernie say when Bert asked him if he wanted some ice cream?
a: Sherbert. (I can't take credit for this amazing piece of comedy. Heard it from a friend, no idea if he came up with it or not.)

q: How many theoretical physicists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two, one to hold the bulb and one to rotate the universe.

q: What did the eyeball say?
a: Eyes, in deep despair, looking up, said in a passive tone, "wazzup brow"

q: What website do emo kids use for business networking?
a: LinkedIn Park

q: What does Bob the spider do for a living?
a: He's a web developer.

q: How are blizzards and men alike?
a: You don't know when they're coming, you don't know how many inches you'll get, and you don't know long they'll last

q: How many penises it takes to satisfy president Obama?
a: One, his own.

q: Why are Mexicans called spics?
a: Because they spic spanish.

q: What type of wood is the most expensive?
a: Hollywood!  (Made this up while i was doing a project.)

q: How many Juggalos does it take to change a light bulb?
a: FUCKIN' LIGHT BULBS!  HOW DO THEY WORK!?!

q: Why is Africa hot?
a: Because of dat  Djibouti.

q: What's the difference between a tropical beach and a priest?
a: One gets sun on your skin and the other gets skin on your son.

q: What's the difference between a homeless man and a trash can?
a: One of them gets taken in every once in a while.

q: Wanna know how to get an interest free loan?
a: Steal whatever it is that you want to buy so badly, don't let the cops have it back, then pay restitution.  Edit: It's only a joke if you let them have the stuff back and then end up paying for the thing, twice.

q: What is a black's favorite letter?
a: The one with the welfare check in it.

q: Why did Eminem make a terrible barista?
a: Because he kept insisting everyone only get one shot.

q: Did you hear the one about the Jewish carpenter?
a: I heard he nailed it!

q: What did the officials say whenever systematic punishment was banned?
a: There's no punchline.

q: What's worse than getting AIDs?
a: Having to find out that your dog has AIDs too.

q: What happened to Loki after he wath hit in hith fathe with Odin'th Hammer?
a: He became Thor.

q: What do you call a veal-birthing cow?
a: De-calf

q: What is the worst part about being black?
a: You never know if your gums are bruised. 

q: (OC) Where did the frog say his family came from?
a: "They are German and a tad-Polish"

q: What does the Dalai Lama order from the pizza shop?
a: One with everything

q: When do you care for a man's company?
a: When he owns it. 

q: What do you get when a cow has sex with coffee?
a: Decalf

q: What kind of coffee do terrorists hate?
a: French press. (Too soon?)

q: What did little Suzy spy with her little eye?
a: A cataract.

q: Did you hear about the lady that had breast implants made of oak?
a: It would be nice if this joke had a punch line, woodentit?

q: Did you hear about the 50yo who couldn't deliver a baby?
a: She was having a midwife crisis. 

q: What do you call a blind person who can't find his/her glasses?
a: Eyeronic.

q: Mr. Belichick how do you feel about these accusations against your organization?
a: Deflated. 

q: Why can't you use sarcasm with a kleptomaniac?
a: Because they take things literally. 

q: Why can't you barbecue in Amsterdam?
a: Because the steaks are too high. 

q: What do you call a banana you want tomorrow in spanish?
a: Baana

q: What do you call a hurtful play on words?
a: A Punjab. 

q: Why did the flume ride need repairs?
a: Because it got waterlogged.

q: Why does the Pope kiss the ground when he gets off his plane?
a: You would too if you had to fly Alitalia.

q: Why do animal rights activists hate NASA?
a: Because curiosity killed the cat.

q: What do you calla judge with no thumbs?
a: Justice fingers 

q: How do u find an old man in the dark?
a: Its not that hard

q: What do you get when you cross weed with weed?
a: You get high.

q: Why did the Windows OS skip from 8 to 10?
a: Because seven, eight, nine.

q: What's the difference between a divorce and a tornado in the south?
a: Nothing. Either way someone is going to lose a trailer

q: How much did the critic tip the waiter?
a: Two cents

q: What's every neckbeard's favorite singer?
a: Jason MRAz

q: What did the irritated man say to his inguinal hernia?
a: "Get off my nuts!" (ps. I made this joke up yesterday... i am having hernia surgery tomorrow, and i lol'd so hard at myself that i about caused a second one to pop out) 

q: what do you call the act of masturbation before you sleep?
a: the stroke of midnight.

q: Who is the most trustworthy lover?
a: Shakira. Her hips don't lie.

q: Where do Old Egyptian people go to Swim?
a: The Senile River 

q: Why is 1 disapproving of 6?
a: That one doesn't believe in six before marriage.

q: Do you want to hear a joke about Ebola?
a: You're probably not going to get it.

q: Why didn't the mother splinter call her son on his birth-day?
a: Because he's a little prick!

q: Did you hear about the Vatican's new navy?
a: It's the latest in Christian warship.

q: Why does Lichtenstien never lose a race?
a: Because nothing is faster then Liecht!

q: How did a hipster burn his mouth?
a: Drank his coffee before it was cool

q: Where was Hitler sitting?
a: Third from the Reich

q: What's long, sensitive, and stimulating?
a: My PNS

q: How much did the critic tip the waitor?
a: two cents

q: How many pancakes can you fit into a dog house?
a: None because ice cream doesn't have bones.  

q: What was Hitler's favorite TV show?
a: The Price is Reich

q: What's the difference between a pedophile and a cinephile?
a: I won't tell you which one I am, but I like to bring my own candy and just watch.

q: How would Arnold Schwarzenegger describe a sousaphone?
a: "It's not a tuba!"

q: What would a scandal involving Microsoft be called?
a: Gatesgate.

q: Do you know how to keep an idiot in suspense?
a: I'll tell you later.

q: Why did the noodle take a bow after the recital?
a: He was the vermicellist

q: What's funny about majorities?
a: Most things.

q: Have you heard the one about the seamstress?
a: It's sew sew.

q: What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas?
a: "Thanks, I'll never part with it."

q: How do you kill a black man?
a: Hide his food stamps in his work boots.

q: What is your preferred type of birth control?
a: "Well, its not preferred, but I practice abstinence."

q: What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
a: A dictator.

q: What do you call someone who won't get off your lawn?
a: A grasshole.

q: Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbered packs?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What's a Dungeons and Dragons player's favorite rap group?
a: D12

q: Do you know the one step to avoiding clickbait?
a: Obviously not. gg y'all, inbox = rekt

q: What Do You Feel Now?
a: In A Routine Checkup Nurse To Engineer: Breathe Deeply In And Slowly Exhale, Do It 3 Times. Engineer: Ok Nurse: What Do You Feel Now? Engineer: Your BODY SPRAY Is Simply Superb Babe.

q: What would Triple H and Jenna Jameson's adult film be called?
a: The Piledriver: No Holes Barred

q: What's long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night?
a: A new last name.

q: How can you tell Thomas the Tank Engine is homosexual?
a: He once made out with Bea Arthur for ten minutes and stayed flaccid the whole time even though she took her shirt off halfway through and he saw her breasts

q: How do you catch a unique lion?
a: Unique up on him. How do you catch a tame lion? tame way! Zingo!

q: What are OP's like alone, as compared to when they are combined?
a: Alone, An OP is not very strong, he cannot do very much alone, Much like a stick; But, When you combine all of these sticks together, you get a massive heap of faggots.

q: Why do pirates love sunny weather?
a: Because there's lots of AYE ARRR (IR) radiation!

q: how do you know when your sister is on her period?
a: your dads cock tastes like blood.

q: What did one suicide bomber say to the next?
a: Nothing, he just waved.

q: Did you hear about Klu Klux Knievel's latest stunt?
a: He tried to jump a steam roller over 6 blacks

q: What feels good in the west but feels cotton in the East?
a: Happi-ness

q: What do you say to a redhead who has just been insulted?
a: Aw-burn!

q: Why don't Jewish men eat pussy?
a: Because it's too close to the gas chamber.

q: What do Jewish people use to power their cars?
a: Oy!-L

q: How do you know when a Jewish chef is done cooking?
a: You check the oven.

q: Where can you get away with rape?
a: Any school for the deaf

q: What do you call a Doctor who received all 'D's in Medical School?
a: Doctor

q: What does a toddler get drunk off of?
a: Jack Danimals!

q: What do you call a faked pregnancy?
a: A misconception.

q: Reverend have you been drinking?
a: Just water, officer. Then why do I smell wine? Good Lord! He's done it again!!!

q: What do you call a Muslim woman wearing oculur rift or a VR headset?
a: Stealth Bomber

q: What's better than cheese?
a: A cheese grater

q: This Elevator is out of order.Why?
a: Too many Sumo tried to squeeze into it.

q: Why did the narcissistic cannibal end up in the hospital?
a: Because he was so full of himself.  

q: Did you hear about Joseph Stalin's personal yacht?
a: They say it was a huge dictator-ship.

q: What do you call a Mexican on a hill?
a: Gracias.

q: Do you have a Tex-Mex emergency?
a: call 9-Juan-Juan

q: On average, how many people are dead in a cemetery?
a: All of them.

q: What do you call a T-Rex with a bomb strapped to it's chest?
a: Dinomite

q: What do you call the musical Messiah?
a: Gsus

q: What is a British woman on her period?
a: A bloody cunt.

q: What do you call an elderly Mexican man?
a: A senr citizen

q: What is the Islamic State's favorite crime?
a: The Dine-and-Daesh.

q: Did you hear what happened between the cook and the onion?
a: I think there was a fight. It got a little dicey and tears were shed.

q: Did you hear about the guy who had avocados for eyes?
a: He developed guacoma

q: What do you call a plane with a muslim on it?
a: Death row

q: What do you call a muslim sitting on a plane?
a: A passenger 

q: What is a guy with ED favorite saying?
a: I'm going to PUMP YOU UP!

q: What to mopeds and fat chicks have in common?
a: They're both fun to ride until one of your friends sees you on one.

q: Do you think horses are negative?
a: They seem like real neigh sayers, and they're always whinnying about everything

q: Have you heard the story about the suicide bomber?
a: I haven't but I heard it is BLOWING up

q: What is a Mexicans Favorite book?
a: TE-QUILA MOCKINGBIRD!

q: What do you call a pokemon with a venereal disease?
a: A PENISSAUR!

q: What do you call 4 chinese guys and 4 black guys standing in a line?
a: A sprinkler, chink chink chink chink nigga nigga nigga nigga

q: How was the grand canyon formed?
a: A Jew dropped a penny down a gopher hole

q: What did the gay frog say to his bf?
a: Rimit rimit..

q: Whats the quickest way to get paralyzed?
a: To eat vegetables.

q: What has four legs and is always ready to travel?
a: A zebra with a private jet.

q: What do you call a secular humanist NGO?
a: A non-prophet non-profit.

q: Why do Jewish people have big noses?
a: Air is free....

q: What did Kim Jon Un say when his father died?
a: Looks like his Korea is over

q: What do you get when you drop a baby into a wood chipper?
a: Well an erection of course.

q: Why did the atheist cannibal stop eating Christians?
a: Because they didn't agree with him.

q: Did you hear the CEO of Twitter got in trouble for buying shares of rival companies?
a: I guess it was a conflict of Pinterest.

q: Why are riddles about trees so hard?
a: Because they always leave you stumped!

q: Whats the difference between to dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom cant take a joke. (Heard this from somebody in my class today)

q: What's the first sign of football in the bible?
a: Jesus going up for the cross!

q: Downside to a threesome?
a: You'll disappoint 2 women instead of 1

q: Did you see the guy in Birmingham, Alabama trying to fuck a clock?
a: He heard time was relative.

q: What did the wife say to the husband who's penis couldn't talk?
a: I want a D voice.

q: How many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: To get to the other side!

q: Say you're being attacked by a circus mob. What's the best strategy?
a: Go for the juggler.

q: What's the difference between a gay mustache and a straight mustache?
a: The smell.

q: Dark: Whats one thing you can do in a vast quantity without bothering with the quality?
a: Genocide

q: What did Matthew McConaughey say when he saw this year's Oscar nominees?
a: All white, all white, all whiiiiiiiite...

q: What do you call a muslim who graduated?
a: Allah-mni!

q: Why do you never hear a pterodactyl go to the toilet?
a: Because the p is silent 

q: What's is the difference between a Lamborghini and a boner?
a: I don't have a boner right now. -Hugh Hefner, probably

q: What do you call a group of confused Spanish speaking racists?
a: The Qu Qu Qu?

q: What is the difference between outlaws and in-laws?
a: Outlaws are wanted.

q: Did you hear about the triple-amputee who pitched in the majors?
a: He was slow around the bases, but that boy had an arm on him!

q: Which dinosaur will never be discovered?
a: The Clitaurus

q: What do you call a robotic prostitution ring?
a: Nuts and bolts. 

q: Is high blood pressure contagious?
a: Because I think I'm getting it from my patients.

q: Why did the Irishman put 239 beans in the soup pot?
a: Because any more would be too farty.

q: What kind of pizzas did Al Qaeda deliver to the World Trade Center?
a: Two large plains.

q: what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a child?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: Accounting joke: What do you call inventory that doesn't exist?
a: Finnish Goods

q: What do you call a 90 year old man who can still masturbate?
a: Miracle Whip.

q: How many black people does it to pave a driveway?
a: One.  You just have to spread him real thin.

q: Why is Jesus bad at hockey?
a: He always gets nailed to the boards. 

q: What's the fastest way to get away from Hell?
a: Piss off Satan's wife.

q: What do blacks and bicycles have in common?
a: Take off the chain and both stop working. Going straight to hell :)

q: What do they call the Hunger Games in Africa?
a: Tuesday.

q: What do you call an edible ion?
a: An onion 

q: What do you call a jerking off well-endowed midget?
a: A huge short coming.

q: Why was Henry the Eighth so fat?
a: Because he Tudor house.

q: What did the the black boy get for Christmas?
a: Your Bike...

q: Who Is every lumberjack's favourite director?
a: TIMBURRRTON!  

q: Did you guys hear about the blind man who got hit in the head by a football?
a: He never saw it coming.

q: What did one white cop say to another white cop?
a: Another black man bites the dust.

q: What do you get when you combine a parrot and a centipede?
a: A walkie talkie!

q: Did you hear about the joke about the 3 wells?
a: Well Well Well

q: What does a door and a jar have in common?
a: They both are ajar.

q: What is the difference between the deflate gate controversy and my wife?
a: Only one shows an interest in the balls.

q: What did the OCD man get thrown in jail for?
a: Organized crime.

q: 10yr old sons joke: Why was "C" afraid of all the other letters ?
a: They are all "Not-C's" !

q: What does a Buddhist order from a hotdogs vendor?
a: One with everything

q: What do you call an Indian and an Asian's baby?
a: A Curryean I know Indians are Asian, I felt that stating Korean earlier in the joke would make it worse...worser.

q: What's a stoner's favorite cheese?
a: Mun Cheese!

q: One for the school kids this morning. What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros?
a: Elephino.

q: Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?
a: The ultra-sound guy. [read next comment]

q: Why are pills white ?
a: Because they work.

q: What ship breaks dangerous ice flows in the Arctic?
a: The Titanic.

q: What does Ebola and US police have in common?
a: A high body count of black people

q: What's the difference between a manly female and a feminine male?
a: A dick, you moron.

q: how do you get a dog to stop humping your leg??
a: pick it up and suck its dick

q: What Do You Call Bob The Builder When He Retires?
a: Bob.

q: What do you call a guitarist without a girlfriend?
a: Homeless.

q: What is the difference between a priest and acne?
a: Acne doesn't come on your face until you're 12.

q: Why didn't Oscar Pistorius get a new bathroom door?
a: Because his wife was dead-set against it...

q: How does praying lead to a blow job?
a: I don't know, ask an alter boy.

q: How do you clear out an Afghani bingo game..?
a: Call B52!!

q: How do you fix a womans watch?
a: You dont. There is a clock on the oven.

q: What type of classical music do chickens like best?
a: Bach.

q: What did the caveman say when he tried to have sex in his dark cave?
a: I fucking rock.

q: Why do we have Martin Luther King Jr. Day off?
a: So the black people will not be the only ones skipping school. 

q: How do you know if someone was in the navy?
a: Oh don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: Did you know Yao Ming had a dog?
a: He had a dog before every NBA game.

q: Have you heard about the Polish lesbian?
a: She fucks men. 

q: Why is UPS so great?
a: They always deliver!

q: What fruit fits best in your palm?
a: a palm-agranate!

q: Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10?
a: Because 7 8 9

q: What's one thing a man doesn't want to hear the morning after?
a: Yes, I'm completely sure.

q: What's the difference between acne and a Child Molester?
a: Acne waits till you are 13 to come all over your face.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic bank robber?
a: He ran into the bank and shouted, "Air in the hands motherstickers, this is a fuck up!!!"

q: How do mexicans cut their pizza?
a: With Little Cesars 

q: Why should you never trust a cheap circumcision?
a: It's a total ripoff. 

q: Why does the sphere not like being around the oblate spheroid?
a: Because it has a smaller bulge. 

q: Is a man more intelligent before, during or after sex?
a: During. Because you're plugged into the know it all

q: Why did the PI detective cross the road?
a: He needed to keep up with Jenny's U-turns.

q: Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware party?
a: He wanted a tight seal.

q: How to spot the toughest guy in jail?
a: He still has some whistle left in his fart.

q: What adjective do you use to describe a bad pun?
a: Pungent

q: Why did the Fundamentalist christians give homosexuals viagra?
a: To turn them straight.

q: what is the difference between aspirin and a strippers boyfriend?
a: asprin works.

q: Why did the poor man sell yeast?
a: He wanted to make some doe!

q: Why did the Prostitute leave the leper colony?
a: Business was dropping off!

q: What do you call 5 black guys having sex?
a: A threesome Edit: In the 1800s

q: What is a Muslim who works at Starbucks called?
a: A Terrista

q: Where did the amino acid go to church?
a: The cysteine chapel.

q: What does this joke's punchline & a 50 foot penis have in common?
a: You can see them coming from miles away.

q: What is a large group of Sperm Whales called?
a: Semen

q: ow do you organize a space party?
a: you planet

q: What do you call an indian food fight?
a: Naan violence.

q: What is a gay person's favorite animal?
a: The cock

q: When Jesus comes back, how will they discover if he's Jesus or Robot Jesus?
a: by giving him the shroud of turing test.

q: He asked: how do you feel about sex?
a: She replied: Well i like it infrequently. He said: is that one word or two?

q: How many people live in South America?
a: A Brazilian. 

q: How do you top a train?
a: Tep on the break tupid!  :D:D:D

q: What would Marilyn Monroe being doing if she were alive today?
a: Clawing at the lid of her coffin.

q: Why was the sprout farmer so assertive?
a: He was an alfalfa male.

q: Why are all Atheists poor?
a: Because Atheism is a not for-prophet organization. 

q: What did the perverted sauce say to the Chinese Ribs?
a: .. I'm only Peking.

q: Did you hear about the cliff in Helen Keller's backyard?
a: Neither did she.

q: What was Hamlet screaming when running around a circle ?
a: 2(pi)r or not 2(pi)r....(snicker)

q: What's the difference between David Lee Roth and Snoop Lion?
a: David Lee Roth was in Van Halen Snoop Lion was in a van in halen

q: How often do I drink Blue Moon?
a: Once in awhile. 

q: How many bear arms could Bear Grylls bear to bear if Bear Grylls could bear to bear bear arms?
a: bear

q: Gaining Weight?
a: ...It's a piece of cake!

q: What do you call a cow that goes online?
a: An eMoo.

q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his coffee?
a: Cus he drank it before it was cool.

q: What do you call a gay hipster?
a: A douchefag.

q: How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it?
a: With the chicken still around it

q: Why do New Yorkers like to visit Minnesota?
a: Because that's where the mini apple is!

q: Why did Moses part his hair?
a: To make a path for the Israelice.

q: What's the difference between Saint Patrick's Day and Martin Luther King Day?
a: Everyone wants to be Irish on Saint Patrick's Day.

q: What did the Chili's waitress say about her kidnapped daughter?
a: I want my baby back, baby back, baby back. 

q: What do you do if an elephant comes through your window?
a: Swim for it...

q: When's the improper fraction helpline open?
a: 24/7

q: Why did the boy drop his icecream?
a: He was hit by a truck. 

q: What app do you use to browse Reddit on your phone?
a: 9gag

q: What do you call a fat person who judges hippos?
a: Hippo-critical.

q: What's the different between a wife and a smoke detector?
a: One, you can turn off without even trying. The other, you spend all day waving a dish cloth at.

q: You know why I was mad after I had sex with the women I love?
a: Because she woke up 

q: Why did the woman get stoned off her ass?
a: Sharia Law.

q: What did the grape say after the elephant stepped on him?
a: Nothing, he just let out a little whine.

q: Do you know beer makes you smart?
a: It made Bud wiser. 

q: What do you call a boy with no arms and an eyepatch????
a: Names

q: From my 6 year old: Where do good bees live?
a: A bee-have

q: What did the pregnant blonde ask at the doctor's office?
a: ...Is it mine?

q: What do you call someone who sells sex in exchange for spaghetti?
a: A pastatute.

q: Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train theif?
a: He has loco motives.

q: what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up?
a: I'm very squared.

q: What do you call two Mexicans on the back of a firetruck?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: How are the Seahawks and my girlfriend similar?
a: they both can get 16 shoved down their throat without choking

q: What do you call Aaron Rodgers' generous daughter?
a: Sharon Rodgers 

q: Who is a chemist's favorite Game of Thrones character?
a: Stannous Baratheon.

q: Did you hear about the lazy perfume-maker?
a: He made no scents.

q: What is the prettiest thing about a DC girl?
a: Her resume.

q: What's the new Taken prequel going to be called?
a: Taken Befour

q: How did Chernobyl disaster happen ?
a: scientist A : Are you sure ? scientist B : Trust me, I know what i'm doing.

q: Why are relationships complex?
a: Because you're real, but your girlfriend is imaginary

q: How do Canadians take care of their skin?
a: Maybe it's maple leaf.

q: How do you know when a woman's about to say something smart?
a: When she starts her sentence with "A man once told me" .

q: How does Gandalf know he's pregnant?
a: A wizard is never late.

q: When does a Mexican know he's hungry?
a: His asshole stops burning.

q: Why does Steve Irwin hate sunblock?
a: It doesn't protect from harmful rays

q: Which element of the Periodic Table is the poorest?
a: Antimony.     

q: What did the Alabama State sheriff call the black guy who had been shot 15 times?
a: The worst case of suicide he has ever seen. 

q: Why did little Suzy fall off the swing?
a: ~Why? -Because she had no arms ... -Knock knock ~Who's there? -Well, it sure as shit isn't little Suzy

q: What happens when a pope dies?
a: Another pops up.

q: What do the Egyptians call a man who cannot keep his opinions to himself?
a: IMHOtep

q: What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
a: oral sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your hole weak

q: Why did the train sound effect album get derailed?
a: The tracks were unfinished.

q: Why does Walter get to keep more of the drug money than Jessie?
a: White privilege

q: What do you call a rich Chinese?
a: Cha-Ching

q: Have you heard about that new Tron movie?
a: The protagonists name is Adam.

q: What do you call the happy fellow that brings death to the people?
a: The grin reaper

q: What is Hitler's favorite video game?
a: Mein Craft.

q: Where does a Muslim go for a quick bite?
a: Allahu Snackbar!

q: what type of jeans does Mario wear?
a: denim denim denim

q: Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip?
a: To get to the same side

q: How do you reheat a cold war?
a: You nuke it.

q: What do Godot and my wife have in common?
a: Both are French.

q: What is the difference between a Texan and a redneck?
a: Texans tend to ride horses whereas rednecks ride their cousins. -American Sniper

q: What do nazis eat for breakfast?
a: Luftwaffles 

q: How many Amish people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A what?

q: Why didn't the girl ride her bike to go water the neighborhood flower bed like usual?
a: Because the pedals fell off.

q: How did the Dairy Queen get pregnant?
a: The Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper!

q: What animal has more lives than a cat?
a: A frog. It croaks every night.

q: What kind of dog can turn on your car?
a: Yorkies

q: What's an ephebophile?
a: A pedophile with a thesaurus.

q: If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
a: Testicles (though I'm sure you smarties already got it).

q: What are a redneck's last two words before dying ?
a: WATCH THIS ! 

q: Why don't Polish mothers breast feed their babies?
a: They hate to boil their nipples.

q: What do you call a soldier who survives mustard gas and pepper spray attacks?
a: A seasoned veteran.

q: What did one gay sperm say to the other gay sperm?
a: How do you find an egg in all this shit?

q: Why should you never eat your girl out in the morning?
a: Ever pull apart a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: How does Shrek describe his sex with Fiona?
a: Medi-Ogre

q: What's the difference between erotic & kinky ?
a: Erotic is when you use a feather ; kinky is when you use the whole chicken.

q: Did John Knott mind being the only cited author on his group's research paper?
a: Knott, et al.

q: What do you call someone who just occasionally dabbles in a bit of Islamic fundamentalism?
a: A Wahhobbyist. 

q: What's the difference between a Porsche and a porcupine?
a: The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine.

q: What's the difference between CNN and Al Jazeera?
a: CNN shows the missiles taking off and Al Jazeera shows them landing.

q: How do you eat a bald pussy?
a: You remove her diaper first.

q: Whats the difference between a genie and a genius?
a: A genie grants wishes, while a genius wishes for grants.  Source: 

q: What's the difference between a Chickpea and a Garbanzo bean?
a: I won't pay 10 bucks to have a Garbanzo bean on my face

q: Why was my boss surprised to see me screwing with the IT guy?
a: They said IT couldn't be done

q: why can't you keep a jew in jail?
a: they eat lox...

q: What do you call a therapist?
a: a TALKtor

q: What is a firefighter's favorite video game console?
a: Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U HINT: Say it outloud

q: What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink?
a: a milkshake 

q: I'm starting a new Egyptian fraternity, would you like to join?
a: It's called Delta Delta Delta.

q: What did the bobby (English policeman) say to the hitchhiker with three heads, no arms and one leg?
a: "'Ello 'ello 'ello, you look 'armless, 'op in."

q: What is the difference between Emo teenagers and your lawn?
a: Your lawn won't cut itself.

q: You're a vegetarian?
a: That's a missed steak

q: Why did the L.A. riots last only 4 days?
a: Everyone knows black people can't work a full week.

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and agnostic?
a: Someone who stays up wondering if there is a dog.

q: What does a tire made of potatoes have?
a: An inner tuber.

q: What's the worst thing about alcoholics?
a: They wine too much.

q: How did Bilbo survive the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy?
a: Because old Hobbits die hard...

q: What was Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card?
a: Blue eyes white aryan

q: What kind of car does god drive?
a: A Christler

q: What's the difference between a Hoover and a Harley?
a: The location of the dirtbag.

q: What are some good Asian jokes you know?
a: I read some jokes from this sub to my Asian co-worker and she wanted me to ask if you guys have some good Asian jokes to help us get through the rest of the work day.

q: How much energy does it take to create a rap star?
a: 1.21 Jigga whats.

q: So have you heard about the mass immigration problem ALDI has been having?
a: They even got a new slogan: Do work or ALDI port ya

q: What Does A Subatomic Duck Say?
a: QUARK!

q: Anybody hear about those two car antennas that got married?
a: Supposedly the wedding was alright but the reception was great ;)

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: You shuck the oyster between fits.

q: Why do pigs run from medicine?
a: They hate getting cured.

q: What do you call a cow that's masturbating?
a: Beef Stroganoff 

q: What do you call a Spanish man with a rubber toe?
a: Robeerto. 

q: Why does ISIS only drink drip coffee?
a: Because they hate French Press!

q: Why couldn't the poop get flushed down the drain?
a: Because it was deterred.

q: What was left after Pavarotti passed away?
a: 20

q: What does a cock and a Rubik's Cube have in common?
a: The more you play with it, the harder it gets. Repost, forgot to proofread "What's does a dick and a Rubiks Cube have in common?" From 

q: Some military humour: why do I call the ol' downstairs resident APFSDS?
a: Because it's a long-rod kinetic penetrator!

q: What do an alcoholic and a necrophiliac have in common?
a: They both feel like fucking death in the morning.

q: Why do 95% of black males like sex in the shower?
a: The other 5% aren't in jail.

q: Where do dead people buy their cigarettes?
a: At the coroner store. 

q: Which kind of sharply dressed, tiny dwarves make the best drummers?
a: metro gnomes

q: Who says there's no life on Mars?
a: Why only today they found a Beagle!

q: What is a Jawa's favorite food?
a: Poutini!

q: What advice did the frog give to the condom manufacturer?
a: Rib it.

q: Did you hear about the incest convention?
a: Every mother-fucker was there!

q: Who invented the sucker punch?
a: Mike Dyson

q: Did you hear about the hooker that went to the bank for a loan?
a: She just needed something to get her by until she could get back on her back

q: Do scarecrows really work?
a: No, but because they don't register for benefits, they don't count as unemployed either. 

q: Why did the hacker start selling his services?
a: So he could make his 4Chan.

q: How do you tell a lonely geologist from a social one?
a: The lonely one dated igneous rocks!

q: World peace or all of Bill Gates' money?
a: If you had a choice between world peace or Bill Gates' money, what color would your Lamborghini be?

q: What's an Irish seven course meal?
a: A six pack and a potato

q: What do you call it when a Catholic remodels his kitchen?
a: A counter reformation.

q: Why are seals such homebodies?
a: Because clubbing isn't any fun.

q: What do you call a hippopotamus wearing Tie Dye?
a: ... A hippiepotamus

q: What does a brick and your mom have in common?
a: They are both flat-chested and laid by Mexicans. Source: My old middle  school.

q: Why does a girl who uses chewing tobacco give the best head?
a: Because she's knows what to spit and what to swallow.

q: What do you tell someone from Moscow if he's in a hurry?
a: Q: What do you tell someone from Moscow who is in a hurry? A: Quit Russian. Q: What do you call a Mexican pessimist? A: A Mexican't Q: What do you call a German who is urinating in an alley? A: A you're a peein'. Q: What does an Asian person have if their leg joints are socially awkward? A: Shy knees. Q: What is a Parisian country cover band's favorite song to play? A: "I've got France in low places."

q: Why don't they have driving lessons and sex ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
a: They don't want to overwork the camel.

q: Who has scene a dinosaur?
a: No one! They're extinct!

q: What do you do after you but a new oven?
a: Invite all of your friends over and have an oven warming party.

q: What do you call a Mexican knight?
a: The Chosen Juan.

q: What do you call playful insults between terrorists?
a: Talibanter

q: You think it's difficult to plug one nostril and blow out the other?
a: It's snot rocket science.

q: How do hipsters buy their drugs?
a: by the instagram. 

q: How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Giraffe.

q: Why couldn't the blind black man play hockey?
a: Because he was black.

q: What does it take to reunite the Beatles?
a: 2 more bullets

q: Why is there no mexican olympics?
a: Because everyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the boarder

q: Difference between outlaws and inlaws?
a: The outlaws are wanted.

q: What causes German Earthquakes?
a: Teutonic Plates.  I'm sorry I'll find my own way out

q: Which gun does Superman use?
a: SCAR-L

q: What do you call a Spanish baker?
a: A con-quiche-ador

q: What did terrorists say in Paris?
a: "Charlie has been neutralised"

q: What do you call a black and white bra?
a: Zebra

q: What would you call a Chinese based arm of Isis?
a: Ricesis

q: What does getting pregnant and locking your car keys in your car have in common?
a: They can both be fixed with a coat hanger. 

q: What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra?
a: He gets taller.

q: What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist?
a: Is there a dog?

q: Why didn't Napoleon qualify for the urgent marrow transplant?
a: They couldn't get his bonepart 

q: What did the rabbit say to the deer?
a: What up doe

q: do you like dragons?
a: because you'll like it when im dragon my balls across your face

q: What do you call terrorists who have degrees in material science and electromagnetic theory?
a: HysterISIS

q: What do you call the guy who graduates last in medical class?
a: Doctor

q: why don't blinde people go skydiving?
a: because it scares the shit out of their dogs

q: What did southern, black children bring to school to eat?
a: Lynchables

q: How did the mystic respond when asked what he's doing tonight?
a: Your mommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

q: What do electricians say when they meditate?
a: Ohm...

q: what did they start calling the timelord after he started frequenting one too many prostitutes?
a: doctor whore

q: Why is the ocean blue?
a: Because all the fish in there goes "bloo bloo bloo" 

q: What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note?
a: High G.

q: What does an Asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall?
a: A broken nose.

q: Why are Asians such bad drivers?
a: Because you can blind them with dental floss

q: Does anyone know if ISIS is hiring?
a: I heard they offer new hires a company cell phone and/or car.

q: What did the walking staff say when accused of misleading sheep?
a: "I am not a crook!"

q: What's the difference in red and purple...?
a: ... How hard you squeeze it.

q: Why don't black people like pirates?
a: they pronounce everything with a hard "aargh"

q: What do you call a Canadian fish with no bones?
a: Phil, eh?

q: Why did Jim Morrison overdose on drugs?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why can't you hear rabbits have sex?
a: because they have cotton balls.

q: Why did the man hire a Mexican gardener?
a: Because he was good at pulling weed

q: What do you call a baby seal between two slices of bread?
a: A clubbed sandwich

q: Why were the Chinese trying to light a bbq grill out in the rain?
a: Because it was raining cats and dogs.  :D

q: Which famous hip hop group are very open about their ongoing battle with their bowel habits?
a: Public Enema

q: Why was the Adobe Acrobat document arrested?
a: It was a PDF file.

q: Did you hear about the crazy chickens that took over a farm?
a: It was a cuckoo coop coup.

q: Why do men get circumcised?
a: Because women GRAB anything 20% off!!

q: What did the blind, paraplegic kid get for his christmas?
a: ..cancer

q: Why did the geologist quit his job?
a: His boss always took him for granite.

q: What is the shit you didn't see?
a: The shit you stepped on

q: What's the Welsh word for shearing a sheep?
a: Foreplay 

q: What does Lenny (of Mice and Men) do during foreplay?
a: Heavy petting.

q: What would Bill Cosby's name be if he was Russian?
a: Vladimir Puddin'

q: What do you get when you set a dog's tail on fire?
a: Hopefully arrested you sick fuck... also a Dash-hound

q: Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine, the wooden doors and the wooden chassis?
a: It wooden go.

q: Why do black men love pirate porn?
a: Because of all the booty

q: How can you tell your roommate is gay?
a: You can taste shit on his dick.

q: How do you circumcise a Texan?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: Why did Baby Moses believe he was Egyptian?
a: Because he was in da Nile. 

q: What's something that Slaves have and rich people want?
a: Nothing!

q: Why did the zombie not eat your brain?
a: Because he doesn't eat junk food.

q: You guys wanna here a joke?
a: Blood on the Dancefloor.

q: If our body is made of cells, what's a picture made of?
a: Pixels.

q: What do you call it when an ex pees on you?
a: EX-STREAM!

q: What does alcohol free beer taste like?
a: Like going down on your sister. It tastes the same but something's not right.

q: What did Obi-wan say to Skywalker the first time he saw him as Darth Vader?
a: (snickering) Nice suit, must have cost you an ...

q: What do you tell a lady with two black eyes?
a: Nothing, You already told her twice.

q: What do you say when you see your TV floating in the middle of the night?
a: Drop it Ni**a (sorry for the offensive word)

q: What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets?
a: Women.

q: Why do Muslim extremists prefer to drink cappuccino?
a: Because they hate french press.

q: How do you cheer up a brand new battery?
a: Remind him that he's full of untapped potential!

q: What did the white guy say when he saw the twelve black men in the jury box?
a: "Great, it's a hung jury."

q: Why can't Asian couples have a caucasian child?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white.

q: What did the mathematician and the dentist talk about?
a: Calculus

q: Did you hear they're making a Source Code 2?
a: It's gonna be called Source Code: The SQL!

q: What do you call a scary unexpected post in reddit?
a: A Dreddit!

q: What do Barack Obama and Tiger Woods have in common?
a: They're both trying to screw everybody.

q: Why did Helen Keller try lsd?
a: Because she was told it makes you see things!

q: Why did the fly eat all of the butter?
a: He wanted to become a butterfly!

q: I'm a ginja. What is that you might say?
a: A ginger ninja

q: What do you call a gay black man?
a: A homiesexual

q: What does Santa do to dragons?
a: He "sleighs" them.

q: What vehicle do bicycle riders take to the hospital?
a: An Ambulance Armstrong

q: How do you spot a vegan at a party?
a: Don't worry, they'll let you know.

q: What did the fly say to the second man on the moon?
a: Buzz.....

q: whats the difference between jam and jelly?
a: cant jelly my dick in your ass...

q: Do black people get sunburns?
a: I don't know... Most prisons are indoors.

q: What's it like having sex with a fat chick?
a: It's like in Star Wars where Luke with his team had to get past all the defenses of the Death Star and fly through this really long trench to find this 2 meter hole and shoot his torpedo inside it to finish her off.

q: What's Medusa's favorite cheese?
a: Hehehe.. Gorgon-zola 

q: What's the difference between a hooker, a lover and a housewife?
a: A hooker says "Faster! faster!"   A lover says "Slower....slooower..."   A housewife says "Beige. I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."

q: Can secretaries really write memos with both their left and right hands at the same time?
a: Or is that just stereotyping.

q: What do you do when you come across an elephant?
a: Wipe it off and apologize.

q: Did you hear about the dating website for old people?
a: "I've Fallen In Love And I Can't Get Up"

q: What does a pig write with?
a: A pig pen!

q: What did the monkey say when he put his tail on the railroad tracks?
a: It's won't be long now!

q: How do you contact a cross dresser?
a: Shemail

q: How do tectonic plates have fun?
a: They meet up and crack each other up. 

q: What did the astronaut get on his science project?
a: He received a T minus.

q: Whay did Dairy Queen have a baby?
a: Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper

q: Do old men wear boxers or briefs?
a: Depends.

q: How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: When she fits in your wife's jeans. 

q: Why does Snoop Dogg always carry around an umbrella?
a: Fo drizzle

q: What do you say to get gold's attention?
a: "Ay, you!"

q: How do you end world hunger?
a: Put Turkey in Greece to cook it, then cut it up and put it into Chile. Then put it on China and give it to Hungary. 

q: What do you do in the bathroom if you are trying to waste time?
a: Stall

q: Why did the architect take so long to get started on his church blueprints?
a: He couldn't decide what font to use.

q: How many atheist does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. It will happen itself. 

q: Did you hear about the patch of fog that entered the spelling bee?
a: It wasn't very good but they gave it a precipitation medal.

q: How do you have a sexy barbecue?
a: You grill the sausage.

q: Why was the manipulative ghost so unsuccessful?
a: People could see right through him.

q: How does a man show he's planning for the future?
a: He buys two cases of beer instead of one.

q: What is the worst that can happen to an atheist caricaturist ?
a: To die as a martyr.

q: What did the ocean say to the river?
a: "You can run but you can't tide."

q: What does a writer hope to get in a Christmas cracker?
a: A Pull-it-surprise!

q: What do you call a judge with no thumbs?
a: Justice Fingers!

q: What did iodine say to Xenon when caesium died?
a: Well, I guess we better Barium.

q: What did the Jewish baby say to the Rabbi?
a: Keep the tip.

q: Why was the Queen of Horses hated by her subjects?
a: Because she was too ahoof.

q: What do pirates and strip clubs have in common?
a: Neither can get enough booty

q: Why'd the squirrel fall out of the tree?
a: Because it was dead. 

q: What do you call a group of twelve, angry, well-endowed men?
a: A hung jury.

q: What did the saggy boob also say to the other?
a: "Hey, let's hang out together?"

q: Why are people so sad in Ferguson?
a: Because they live in misery

q: Why dont i watch porn anymore?
a: Because they all suck ass.

q: Why didn't the Christmas Cake go to the dance?
a: He had his raisins...

q: Did you hear the one about the blind ship captain?
a: He couldn't sea anything.

q: Why did I rob the bank?
a: For Fundsies! I made that one up yesterday so I really hope nobody has heard it before.

q: Why doesn't people with two dicks get into the porn industry?
a: Because they know they'll be fucked over. Edit: Don't, not doesn't. Sorry can't change title.

q: How many nihilists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: They don't see the point and just sit in the dark.

q: What do you say when you are comforting a grammar Nazi?
a: there, their, they're.

q: What's the illuminati's favorite month?
a: Jew-Lie

q: What do you get when a camel pukes in the desert?
a: A hot mess.

q: What did the token black guy say to the other black guy who walks in the party?
a: Hey man ! Who do you know here ? This is a Brothers only party ! 

q: When Gordon Ramsay saw a cute puppy gif on Reddit, why did he get mad?
a: Because it was 

q: Why is OP's dog never satisfied?
a: They don't do liver

q: Why does Oregon Ducks need such big suitcases?
a: Because they Pac-12 of everything

q: What kind of vitamin does a pirate take?
a: Vitamin sea.

q: why don't lions like clowns?
a: they taste funny

q: Why is the blood of christ wine?
a: Because he drank religiously

q: How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: It's a really obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.

q: How do you make a plumber sad?
a: You kill his family

q: Is it cocky to have 2 penises?
a: I think its 2 cocky.

q: What did the bra say to the top hat?
a: You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.

q: What was Helen Keller's dog's name?
a: Uuuuuueeeeuuuuhhhh!!!

q: Why is there no Walmarts in Afghanistan?
a: Because there's a Target on every corner.

q: What did the one volcano say to the other volcano?
a: Do you lava me like I lava you. It's beautiful.

q: whats orange and black and hates lasagna?
a: A picky eater wearing a Garfield costume.

q: when is it OK to spit a mexican woman in the face?
a: when her stache is on fire!

q: Do you like pudding?
a: Bill Cosby liked pudding his dick where it didn't belong.

q: Whats hard, black, and keeps me up all night?
a: My Roku.

q: Why did Bill and Ted join Islam?
a: Because they heard it was radical! 

q: Who is a Sea Lion's favorite composer?
a: "Orff Orff Orff Orff!"

q: How did the hipster burn their tongue?
a: They drank their tea before it was cool.

q: What fruit makes you confused?
a: Papayas See, you're confused right?

q: What's your favorite clock time?
a: Personally, I'd say that 6:30 is the best clock time, hands down.

q: What did Vladimir name his member?
a: Put-in. (In a Russian accent) 

q: Why don't lobsters ever share anything?
a: Because they're shellfish

q: Did you hear about the doctor in new York city?
a: He performs circumcisions and uses the foreskins to make wallets.   The best feature of the wallets is if your flight gets cancelled and you are stuck somewhere all you have to do is rub your wallet and it will turn into an overnight bag.

q: If H2O is in the inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside?
a: K9P

q: What do you call an unsuccessful Jewish pirate?
a: Les Goldman

q: What do Kim Jong-un and a penis shaped potato have in common?
a: One is a dictator, the other is a dick-tater.

q: What language do fast talkers from Moscow speak?
a: ian!

q: What does a massage therapist with a speech impediment who moonlights as a dubstep dj do all day?
a: Wub, wub, wubs.

q: #1 pick up line in a gay bar?
a: "Can I push your stool in"?

q: What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi?
a: Stew. Bonus: what do you do if an epileptic jumps into a jacuzzi? You throw in your laundry.

q: Why wasn't the joke funny at the dance?
a: There wasn't a punch line.

q: What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Hell's Angel?
a: Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.

q: What do you call an Hispanic gentleman who drives a hybrid car?
a: A green bean.

q: Did you hear about the new emo website?
a: Check it out it's 

q: How did Samuel Morse propose to his wife?
a: .-- .. .-.. .-.. / -.-- --- ..- / -- .- .-. .-. -.-- / -- . ..--..

q: What does Moses do when he wants a beer?
a: He brews!

q: What do you call an old snowman?
a: Water.

q: Why do terrorists have high sex drives?
a: Because their sperms are always ready and eager for suicide missions.

q: What is Billy Joel's favorite Bill Murray movie?
a: Caddyshack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack.

q: Why did the Muslim CEO dislike the cartoon of Muhammad?
a: Because it wasn't prophet maximizing. 

q: Why doesn't Connecticut have a name for it people?
a: What I mean is that people from NY are New Yorkers, people from California are Californian, and coincidentally people from Colorado and Washington are Potheads.  

q: What were the Mexican crisps doing in the locked conference room?
a: It's nacho business!

q: Why did the mushroom get invited to a party?
a: because he was a fungi

q: What would Harper Lee's book be called if he was Mexican?
a: Tequila Mockingbird.

q: Why is it that lawyers get sick?
a: It's because they are  ually obligated to do so.

q: Why is my name...?
a: The little boy comes in to his mother, and says:  "Mum, why is my name Feather?"  "That is because son, when you were born, a feather fell on your head."  Her daughter then comes in, and asks:  "Mum, why is my name Leaf?"  "That is because when you were born, a leaf fell on your head."  Then her last child comes in, and says: "Hymacttmmdrerrr?" "Be quiet, Tumbledryer."

q: Where do crows go to have fun?
a: a crowbar!

q: why wouldn't the black pencil write on the white paper?
a: it was erase-ist

q: Did you know about the guy that invented tampons?
a: He went from rags to riches

q: What did the dog say to the tree?
a: Bark

q: Why is heaven a paradise for the common man?
a: Because all the politicians are in hell. 

q: What did the French man say when he tripped down the stairs?
a: Eiffel.

q: What do you say when your TV is floating in the night?
a: "Drop it, nigga."

q: What is better than Porn?
a: HD Porn

q: How many Nazis does it take to screw in a lightbulb??
a: One.  He makes three Polacks do it at gunpoint.

q: What is the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
a: Anyone can roast beef.

q: Why aren't there any introverted suicide bombers?
a: They have a hard time sharing what's inside with strangers.

q: Have you ever wondered?
a: What it could be loike?

q: What is the last thing a redneck says before he dies?
a: ya'll watch this!

q: What are the most offensive jokes you know?
a: What's the difference between Pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when it goes into the oven.  That joke got a kid suspended from my high school english class. 

q: What kind of writing makes the most money?
a: Ransom notes.

q: Why do ducks have webbed feet?
a: To stomp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out the burning ducks.

q: When a rapper gets beer, how much do they get?
a: A Two Pack

q: What did the pirate say with the steering wheel in his pants?
a: Arrgh, it's driving me nuts!

q: Why do uniformed soldiers need to eat their fruits and vegetables?
a: If they don't, they'll be irregulars.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic hookers?
a: They clubbed together and bought a warehouse.

q: What do you say if your mom sees you having sex?
a: You say: Look mom, no hands!

q: What do you call a shy, soft-spoken hipster?
a: mumblr

q: What is the difference between yoghurt and America?
a: When you leave yogurt alone it grows a culture!

q: Why does a redneck find his cousin more attractive than a stranger?
a: Because it's all relative.

q: Which one of these is a deadly virus?
a: A. Bola B. Bola C. Bola D. Bola E. Bola

q: Why is Rengar so OP?
a: Because E: Bola Strike.

q: How do you save up enough money for a bidet?
a: You put it in your butt-jet.

q: You guys hear about the hippy who drowned?
a: He was too far out, man. 

q: What do Mexicans put under their carpet?
a: Underlay! Underlay!

q: What do you call a kitten's post-mortem?
a: An Aww-topsy.

q: What do you call it when flu season comes early?
a: Premature inoculation.

q: Where did the engine go after he retired?
a: To live in a motor home 

q: What is a neckbeard's favorite denomination of time?
a: M'llenium

q: What do you call it when a psychic midget escapes from prison?
a: A small medium at large.

q: Why do Jihadists only drink instant coffee?
a: Because they're cunts. EDIT: punchline.

q: What do you call a big cat disguised to blend in with a herd of sheep?
a: A sheopard.

q: Which similarities do Bon Jovi and geologists share?
a: They like rock.

q: How to get a liberal arts graduate off of your porch?
a: Pay him for the pizza

q: How does the executioner like his coffee?
a: Decap

q: Why do Jews watch porn backwards?
a: Because they like to climax at the part when the hooker gives the money back. 

q: What do robots dip in salsa?
a: Microchips

q: Why are prostitutes cheaper compared to girlfriends and wives to many rich people?
a: Because they dont have to pay attention

q: What does your mom and your driveway have in common?
a: They both have a GARBAGE box.

q: What's white, located in washington and has a president within it?
a: Monica Lewinsky's teeth.

q: What do gay guys call hemroids?
a: Speed bumbs.

q: What do you call an explosion in a Frencg kitchen?
a: Linoleum Blown-apart.

q: What street do you put a lesbian restaurant on?
a: Eater Route

q: Why do Newfies want Qubec to separate?
a: So it's a shorter drive to Toronto!

q: Why do Chinese people suck at soccer?
a: Because every time they get a corner they open up a restaurant.

q: What did the failing kidney say to the healthy one?
a: Urine charge now.

q: What do you call an IS-leader on a motorcycle?
a: Abu Bikr

q: Why can't Chinese people eat Swans?
a: They don't have a Pitchfork.  (This is a music reference joke)

q: What do you call it when you lend money to a bison?
a: A Buffa-Loan!

q: Whats a Neckbeard's favorite city in Spain?
a: M'drid

q: Whaddaya call a blind nun?
a: A roamin' catholic.

q: How did the florist act after getting her dream job?
a: Got so excited she wet her plants. 

q: What's the difference between a raft guide and a large pizza?
a: A large pizza can feed a family.

q: What do you get when you cross a male chicken with peanut butter?
a: A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.

q: Why don't Muslims teach driving and sex ed. on the same day?
a: They don't want to wear the camel out.

q: How does a black woman stop crime?
a: She gets an abortion. 

q: Do you know any good water jokes?
a: Well?

q: Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee?
a: 'Cause they hate the French press

q: Why was the band late to their gig?
a: Because the drummer locked himself in the car with the keys.

q: What do numbers look like when they get divorced?
a: 96

q: What's white, digs holes in your garden and helps with headaches?
a: A  paracetamole!

q: Why did the anthropologist eat a lot of yogurt?
a: So that he could understand culture.

q: What do you call Batman when he skips Church?
a: Christian Bale.

q: What did the bat say to the other bat when he almost flew into a tree?
a: Whoa did you hear that?

q: Why should you never eat Sonic the Hedgehog?
a: He gives your underwear blue streaks.

q: What do walruses and tupperware have in common?
a: They're both looking for a tight seal. 

q: What do you call it when a blond dyes her hair?
a: Artificial Intelligence. 

q: How do you make a little girl cry even more?
a: You wipe your bloody dick off on her teddy bear.

q: Whats the difference between an apple and a dead baby?
a: I dont ejaculate on an apple before I eat it. 

q: What do you call a man that as sex with his 9 year old wife?
a: The holiest Prophet of Islam.

q: Did not your mother and I teach you that you should save your money?
a: A little boy comes home with his mother from a trip down town. Above his head he has a big bunch of balloons. - Why do you need so many? - Asks his father. - Did not your mother and I teach you that you should save your money? - I did not spend any! Its just that every time Mummy bought something the salesperson gave me a free balloon.

q: What do you get when you have your eye brows plucked in Japan?
a: A blowjob

q: What did Uranium-238 say to Helium when they first met?
a: IDK

q: What do fat chicks, mopeds, and the KKK have in common?
a: They are all things the Republican party likes to ride until their friends see them on them.

q: What's the one thing make a wish foundation can't give you?
a: The cure

q: Why doesn't china have casinos?
a: Because they hate Tibet.

q: Which hotel chain was Nikita Khrushchev's favourite?
a: Premier Inn.

q: What does a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common?
a: They can both smell it but can't eat it.

q: Want to hear a joke about the next iPhone?
a: It will be a huge 6s

q: What did Vladimir Putin say to the Ukraine after he annexed it?
a: Crimean river.

q: What type of bees make milk?
a: Boo bees

q: What is an MRI's favorite music?
a: Metal

q: How do you make a snooker table laugh?
a: Put your hands in its pockets & tickle its balls. 

q: Why do stop lights turn red?
a: You would turn red too if you had to change in front of everybody.

q: What do you call an Irish midget?
a: Whatever their name is, you insensitive jerk.

q: What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke about Muhammad?
a: Terrorists can't take a joke about Muhammad.

q: Why is Snow White?
a: Because it's perfect, just the way God made it.

q: How do you start a powerful woman's movement?
a: Laxatives.

q: What did Wendy do when she first saw Captain Hook?
a: She Peedherpants

q: What is another way of 'saying caught between a rock and a hard place'?
a: Having a threesome with Dwayne Johnson 

q: How many women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One.

q: What do you call cake that isn't yours?
a: Stollen

q: What did the Vagina say to the Anus?
a: I'll meet you at the Taint.

q: Why do girls wear make-up and perfume?
a: Because they're ugly and they smell bad.

q: Does pornography degrade women?
a: Or does it merely raise the standard by which they are judged?

q: What do you call a show about puns?
a: A play on words.

q: What did the zombie body builder say?
a: GAINSSS!!!

q: What's black and blue and doesn't like sex?
a: The cheerleader in my trunk.

q: What do women and rocks have in common?
a: You can skip the flat ones.

q: What happens to all the unsold christmas trees?
a: A Total TreeCull.   Basically, on the evening of December 25th, every christmas tree salesperson does the trees     

q: Why did Hitler prefer apples to oranges?
a: He didn't like the juice. 

q: What does Peter Gabriel sing on the toilet?
a: I am the extruder...

q: What is Hitler's least favorite drink?
a: Orange Jews

q: How is Billy Cosby like Santa Claus?
a: They both come when you are sleeping

q: What were the photocopier's last words?
a: Good night, sweet prints...

q: What does Putin say during his new years speech?
a: Don't know but its so scary that they drink for ten days straight right after!

q: Does anyone have a recipe for sausage and apples?
a: I asked my girlfriend what she wanted tonight and she said she could use a wiener in cider.  

q: What do you get when you cross Gnomes and Worgen??
a: Micro-Worgenisms! (From my Bizzard support ticket response today.)

q: You know why cops aren't on the streets of NYC right now?
a: Because when it's white, they leave it the fuck alone

q: What do pussy and cigarettes have in common?
a: There's more flavor the closer you get to the butt.

q: Why can't a bicycle stand alone?
a: It's two tired.

q: How many women does it take to invent something?
a: Nobody knows,  history is still waiting....

q: JOKE: How does a woman go about inventing a lightbulb?
a: She gives birth to a son.

q: Why did the walrus go to the tupperware store?
a: Because he wanted a tight seal.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a computer?
a: You can punch information into a computer.

q: What value is higher than infinity?
a: Infinity plus 1. I'm sorry.

q: How many Saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one... But it takes 4 episodes and Krillin dies...

q: Why don't they let whales into strip clubs?
a: They tend to humpback.

q: Why did Toronto host the (hockey) World Junior Championships?
a: They wanted to see what a winning team looked like.

q: How much does a Human shield cost?
a: One life

q: How many feminists does it take to dismantle the patriarchy?
a: None. Once they shut up, no-one has any reason left to oppress them :)

q: What did the Dalai Llama play on stage at Glastonbury?
a: Yakmanninov

q: Wanna know the best part about being in 10 year long marriages?
a: Having sex with a different woman every year. 

q: How many girls does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A friend told me this joke in high school. I admit I laughed harder than I should have.  How many girls does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they just sit in the dark and bitch.

q: What is the smallest book in history?
a: French War Victories.

q: How many tries did it take to find out if Lance Armstrong was ticklish?
a: One testtickle

q: Why did the walrus go to the tupperware party?
a: To find a tight seal.

q: Do you know what my friend said before he kicked the bucket?
a: He said, "Look how far I can kick this bucket."

q: Whats camp for kids with ADD called?
a: Concentration camp. 

q: What is the most racist type of bread?
a: A biguette

q: Why do lambs go to casinos?
a: They love to gambol.

q: What do you call a mouse with cheese but no crackers?
a: Cracka-lackin

q: Why should you never kiss a slutty bird?
a: Because you might get chirpies, which is a canararial disease, but don't worry, it's tweetable. 

q: What do you call a group of ISIS members with their backs turned?
a: A bunch of sissies.

q: What's better than roses around your piano?
a: Tulips around your organ! Ba dum bum chhhhhhh.

q: Why did the cannibal get indigestion after eating his high school debate team rival?
a: He ate something that disagreed with him

q: What is the difference between a Southern Zoo and a Northern Zoo?
a: A Southern Zoo has a description of the animal on the cage along with a recipe.

q: Difference between a 4 year old and a nightclub?
a: I don't need a bottle of lube to get into a nightclub.

q: What do Coors Light and having sex in a canoe have in common?
a: They're both too fucking close to water.

q: How do you get a Harvard graduate off your doorstep?
a: Tip him for the pizza. 

q: Why does Mexico do so badly in the Olympics ?
a: Because everyone who can run, jump or swim is in the US.

q: What's a fedora tippin neckbeard's favorite country?
a: M'laysia

q: Why does Cuba not have any casinos?
a: They Havana no money to spend.

q: Why does everyone like the KKK?
a: Cause they're the best!

q: Why are there no casinos in China?
a: Because the Chinese don't like Tibet...

q: What's a plumber's least favorite type of shoe?
a: Clogs.

q: Why did they plant trees in Harlem?
a: Public transportation.

q: What did the cannibal get when he was late to dinner?
a: The cold shoulder

q: What's the difference between Christianity and Judaism?
a: Christians pay for their sins

q: What language do bees speak?
a: The beesnese

q: Why can't Chinese people have white babies?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white.

q: whats the secret service of Australia called?
a: M8

q: Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph?
a: ...because he's too short to be called an essay. 

q: How does Peter Pan fly?
a: If you got hit in the Peter with a pan, you'd fly too.

q: What do you call a cow that's made out of glass?
a: Steer Clear.

q: Who is Vietnam's greatest superhero?
a: Vietman.

q: Why does Snoop Dog carry around an umbrella?
a: Fo' drizzle.

q: Why do women make bad engineers?
a: Their whole lives they have been told 5 inches is 8 

q: What is the same with you, a pet cat, and a pet dog?
a: All of them are adopted

q: What do you call a reptiloid that crashed landed its spaceship?
a: Imsosaurus!

q: What do you call a kid that stands up to bullies?
a: An ambulance.

q: Why should you never tell jokes on the ice?
a: The ice might crack up! I use this at the beginning of conversations... it's a reall ice breaker.

q: Where do Angelfish swim?
a: The Holy See 

q: What is the difference between acne and gay men?
a: Acne only attacks little boys when they reach puberty

q: Where did all the TV remotes go when you can't find them?
a: To a remote island...

q: What is Stevie Wonder's favorite guitar chord?
a: C Minor 

q: Why does Gandalf prefer coupes?
a: Because other cars have Mordor.

q: Why did Bob get 'Emo' Grass for his lawn?
a: Because it cuts itself.

q: What do call the President of Russia with an upset stomach?
a: Vladimir Poopin

q: What do you call a knighted cow?
a: Sir Loin

q: Are the UK banning the export of cheese?
a: I keep hearing on the radio about cheddar vans not being allowed overseas

q: What do French people call a really bad Thursday?
a: A trajeudi.

q: What is Mrs. Potato Head's stripper name?
a: Ida Ho

q: Why wasn't the fish allowed to play in the band?
a: Because he couldn't tuna piano!       

q: What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa?
a: Santa knows to stop after three Ho's.

q: Why do Jews always seem to find spare change laying around?
a: They cents it. 

q: How do you top a car?
a: You tep on the brake, toopid.

q: What do you call a rapping egg?
a: Over-easy E

q: What's the difference between a small child and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: Why do college students already get up at 7?
a: Because the supermarket closes at 7:30

q: What happens if you don't pay after an exorcism?
a: You'll get repossessed! 

q: Is it just me, or are birds really popular lately?
a: I know several people who are having "superb owl"  parties next month 

q: What did Kris Kross tell the nervous paratrooper?
a: "Tell her you're a paratrooper. Chicks dig that kind of thing."

q: Joke 3 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and is cursed with a sleeping spell?
a: Princess Aurorasaurus

q: Joke 2 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and combs her red hair with a fork?
a: Princess Arielephant

q: Joke 1 - What weighs 15,000 pounds and wears glass slippers?
a: Cinderellephant

q: How can you tell if a pedophile is happy?
a: He has a peda-smile.

q: What do you say when you see your television floating in the night?
a: Drop it, nigga! What do you say when you see your refrigerator floating in the night? Nothing. That's a big-ass nigga.

q: What shampoo do dragons prefer?
a: Head & Smolders

q: What do you call a woman-hating masseuse?
a: A massage-onist.

q: What is a tresspasser's least favorite number?
a: The number 86. (No seriously. Google "86".)

q: Me: Dad, How did you guys manage without Whatsapp & Facebook?
a: My Dad:We used to keep useless information to ourselves.

q: What Do You Call A Jewish Dilemma?
a: Free Ham

q: What do you call a slightly impolite canadian dust devil?
a: Da rude "eh" sandstorm

q: What do you call a giant pile of kittens?
a: A meowntain

q: Mum: did you masturbate while showering again?
a: Son: I'm cleaning it as fast as I like to!

q: Why was Pinocchio acting drunk?
a: He couldn't handle his lacquer

q: What do grapefruit and vaginas have in common?
a: The pinker the better and they're both an acquired taste.

q: Did you hear about the man with five dicks?
a: His pants fit like a glove. I'm so sorry. So sorry.

q: Would a lion cheat on his wife?
a: No, but a tiger wood.

q: What did fish A say to fish B?
a: Wasabi? 

q: Why did the chicken crossed the road?
a: To piss off drivers

q: How do you know if your girlfriend is ticklish?
a: You give her a test-tickle.

q: What is Forest Gump's password?
a: 1forest1

q: What do you get if you put morphine on your toast?
a: Crumfortably Numb!

q: What do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles?
a: Natasha Ramenoff

q: Who was Hitler's childhood hero?
a: the white power ranger 

q: How do you get a one armed Italian out of a tree?
a: You talk to him!

q: Who's the roundest knight at King Arthur's Table?
a: Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.

q: What wears a leather jacket, and would kill you if it fell from a tree?
a: An elephant wearing a leather jacket!

q: Where does a snowman keep his money?
a: In a snow bank!

q: What's a lumberjack's favorite director?
a: TimBuuurrrrrrrton

q: How do you know that someone you met is a Harvard graduate?
a: He already told you so.

q: Why do arabs use Colgate before going to the airport?
a: because it provides cavity protection

q: What is Spider-Man's favorite rice?
a: Uncle Bens!

q: What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you?
a: NA'CHO CHEESE

q: A motorist runs over a woman. Who's to blame?
a: The motorist. He really shouldn't be driving in the kitchen. (Edit: formatting)

q: What did the sociopathic cannibal parachutist say?
a: As soon as the people carrying soup cans in the backpacks arrive we can eat.

q: Why doses a blond open the door after sex?
a: To turn the light on.

q: What was Beethoven's girlfriend's name?
a: Bae-thoven. I'll

q: Where do Mexicans shop for books?
a: Borders

q: How do zombies communicate in times of war?
a: Cryptic code. 

q: What's the first thing you should do when you bring a Thai girl home?
a: Check to make sure your dick is bigger than hers.

q: Wanna hear an Ebola joke?
a: You probably won't get it.

q: Whats a fedora clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color?
a: M'genta 

q: How do you advertise a French rifle?
a: Never fired, dropped once.

q: Why do all The Hunger Games fans can't even?
a: The odds are ever in their favours.

q: Girl, are you the one ring?
a: Cause damn, you're precious.

q: Did everyone hear the news about graveyards?
a: Everyone is just dying to get in them

q: What type of sound system does a Saab have?
a: A Saab-woofer :)

q: How does a booze thief make you feel better?
a: He lifts your spirits.

q: What's the difference between Bono and God?
a: God doesn't go around thinking he's Bono.

q: How many cops does it take to push a pedophile down the stairs?
a: None, he tripped. ;)

q: Why do feminists hate the portrayal of women in the media?
a: Because only men can be seXY.

q: What do you call mail that likes to have fun?
a: Outgoing mail.

q: Why doesn't Meghan Trainor eat salmon?
a: Because she's all about that bass

q: If a mathematician were to be any part of a kitchen which would he be?
a: The counter. 

q: What is it called when a thief steals a purse, runs into the street, then gets run over?
a: ma

q: Girls giving blowjobs for Louboutins - Whatcha call that?
a: Head over heels. 

q: Why does Marx support New Years Eve celebrations?
a: Well, it's got everyone out and about, celebrating another revolution..... (I'll show myself out)

q: What do you call a book club that has been stuck on the same book for thousands of years?
a: Church.

q: What did the blind, innocent, sweet, paraplegic 7 year old boy get for his birthday?
a: Cancer.

q: What do you call a pest from the moon?
a: A luna-tick.

q: What do you call two guys with no arms or legs hanging from a window?
a: Curt and Rod

q: why didn't Hitler pass algebra?
a: He didn't know the final solution.

q: What do you call a hula hoop with a nail on the inside?
a: A Navel Destroyer. 

q: Why did the thief take a bath?
a: To get a clean getaway

q: Why are girls like rocks?
a: You skip the flat ones.

q: What do you say to a masochistic necrophiliac going through a beastiality phase?
a: Stop beating a dead horse!

q: Did you hear the joke about jello?
a: Took a while to set in but it sure gave me a jiggle

q: What do children in north korea study for a science?
a: Kimistry

q: What happened to the man who sent a group of crows to the insane asylum?
a: He went to jail because he commit a murder.

q: Why did five not like one?
a: Because one was two three four five.

q: What did the gynecologist say to his sedated patient?
a: I don't know, his voice was muffled.

q: What did Tony the Tiger say to the kids playing baseball?
a: "Theeeeeeeeey Never expect the Spanish Inquisition!"

q: Why are you so fat?
a: Because I eat a lot of pussy

q: What did the hotel clerk tell the guest with paruresis during check in?
a: Your in 8.

q: What do you call a man with one arm?
a: Hand Solo

q: Why Weren't There Many Jokes in the Dark Ages?
a: No one could perform the execution well enough.

q: What did sushi A say to sushi B?
a: WASABI!!!

q: User interface?
a: I hardly even know her.

q: Did you hear about the time Orion lost an archery match?
a: He was given a constellation prize.

q: Why shoudn't you take you Pokemon cards to the shower?
a: Cuz Pikachu might Pik a Chu

q: Why are there trees in Harlem?
a: Public Transport

q: What's the difference between jelly & jam?
a: I can't jelly my dick down your throat

q: What did the LOTR fan say to the LOTR hater?
a: What are you Tolkien about...

q: What did the donkey say to its dick?
a: That's a pretty big donkey dick.

q: How do you choose a stupid policeman from a group of policemen?
a: At random.

q: What do black people get after death?
a: Nigger Mortis 

q: What do you call Batman skipping church?
a: Christian bail. 

q: What did the botanist say to the plant he was tired of tending to?
a: Grow away.

q: What do you call a wine convention in upstate New York?
a: The Lake Champlain Champagne Campaign

q: What makes a grown man cry?
a: Watching his wife and children die before his eyes.

q: Did you here about the dead whale that washed up onshore?
a: Apparently it had HIV..........................................Biologists think it may have been rear-ended by a ferry.

q: How did Geordi La Forge go blind?
a: He turned on the UV light in the Holodeck.

q: What do you call a thirsty cow?
a: A watermeloin.. Don't worry, I remember where the door is. 

q: What's the difference between a roasted chicken and a time bomb?
a: If you don't know the answer please never invite me to dinner.

q: A man runs over his wife. Whose fault is it?
a: The man, he shouldn't be driving in the kitchen.

q: Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9?
a: Because Windows 7 8 9.

q: What do you call a seagull that catches you sleeping?
a: A baegull.

q: hey Colorado, hows your aspen?
a: (ass been)

q: Why did Tomato turn red from embarrassment?
a: Because it saw Salad dressing. 

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac..?
a: He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog...

q: How do you make stupid people click links?
a: ...

q: What's your New Year's resolution?
a: Mines is still 1920x1080, unfortunately.

q: What does one llama say to the other llama before the smoke some weed?
a: Alpaca bowl!!!

q: What is the difference between Rihanna and a coconut?
a: One is black and hairy and the other is a coconut

q: What did the sick fish say when he got sick?
a: "I've cod a cold."

q: What is the difference between a epileptic corn husker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The epileptic corn husker shucks between fits.

q: Why is Michael Jordan's Jersey number 23?
a: Because then he will always be in prime. 

q: Why was the lizard's wife unsatisfied?
a: Her hubby had a reptile dysfunction.

q: Why did Wile E. Coyote have a "Detour" sign pointing to the edge of a cliff?
a: To throw the Roadrunner off.

q: What did the pro bono plastic surgeon say to their patient on Dec 31st?
a: Happy new ears Eve!

q: What kind of Fuel does the Iron Giant run on?
a: Vin Diesel! : D  Source: 

q: What's the loudest thing in the last two Harry Potter films?
a: Deaf Lee's "HELLO!"

q: What is the first name of Mr Rafone?
a: Mike. 

q: What is time consuming?
a: Eating a watch. . . . . Note: This is not my joke, credit goes to  , and   for setting him up.

q: how can you tell if someone is vegan?
a: Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you. 

q: How do Eskimos make things stick together?
a: Igloo

q: What do you call a homosexual man on a wheel chair?
a: A human being

q: Want to know how to make your PC faster?
a: Paint it black.

q: What do you get if you push a piano down a mine?
a: A flat miner 

q: How did the Fonz die?
a: Ayyyds

q: What makes a salami excited?
a: When the ham is cured!

q: How do Asians find our they are pregnant?
a: They send a rubix cube up to see if it gets solved.

q: Whats the difference between a bird and a fly?
a: A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!

q: What did Nazis do to kids with ADHD/ADD?
a: They sent them to concentration camps.

q: What do you call a feline massage therapist?
a: A cat scratcher.

q: Did you hear about the plane that flew over the Java Sea?
a: it crashed.

q: Why do Polish people's names end in 'ski'?
a: Because they can't spell toboggan. 

q: What is the difference between dragons and dinosaurs?
a: Dinosaurs aren't old enough to smoke. Told to me by my niece at christmas.

q: Whats strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
a: the back of my hand

q: Did you hear about the Lepers hockey game?
a: There was a face off in the corner.

q: Why didn't Bungie stick with Halo?
a: Because it wasn't their Destiny.

q: What does a retired hairdresser and a bar of platinum have in common?
a: They both plat no more.

q: What do you call a cocktail of iced tea and skittles?
a: A trayvon martini.  Yeah I thought that joke might GARNER some negative attention. It was a 1/5 joke. 3/5 with RICE. 

q: What's the difference between a dirty old bus station and a lobster with boobs?
a: A repost.

q: What's the name of West Virginia's version of Winnie the Pooh?
a: Gummy Bear

q: What does BBW actually stand for?
a: Boobs below waist.

q: Why are defense lawyers the best lovers?
a: Because they're great at getting you off.

q: What starts out happy but ends in tears?
a: Marriage

q: Made a small donation to a street comedian for this gem... how do you know your at a gay picnic?
a: The hot dogs taste like shit

q: How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: But the light bulb has to want to change. 

q: Why did the gamer refuse to join the Boy Scouts?
a: He hates camping

q: Ever want to have rodeo sex?
a: Get on top and call her by the wrong name and try and hold on for 8 seconds.

q: Why isn't there democracy in North Korea?
a: Because everytime they try to pronounce "election" everyone starts to giggle

q: Why can't an Asian couple have a white child?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a white.

q: What do you get when you mix a monkey and a midget?
a: Tom Cruise

q: Whats the difference between a Ginger and a Shoe ?
a: The shoe has a sole

q: why did the possum cross the road?
a: His dick was stuck in the chicken.

q: What is the difference between a cock and a penis?
a: A cock is an animal. Penis is a male sexual organ.

q: What do you call a cow masturbating?
a: Beef stroganoff!

q: What do you call a cow that just gave birth?
a: De-calf-inated

q: Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist?
a: Because you will get Jurasskicked.

q: What did King Arthur do in Camelot?
a: He "came" a lot.

q: Why did Night fall?
a: Because Day tripped him.

q: How can Peter Pan fly?
a: You'd fly too if somebody panned your peter.

q: Why do Avon ladies walk funny?
a: ..because their lipstick

q: What did the homeless man say to Barack Obama?
a: "Can I have some 'change'?"

q: If Arnold Schwarzenegger was a composer which would he be?
a: He'd be Bach

q: How many OU (University of Oklahoma) coaches does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They aren't about to change a bulb when flipping a switch has worked for 15 years.

q: What mistake have you made when your wife comes in from the kitchen to yell at you?
a: Made her chain too long.

q: How do you make a peanut butter and Reddit sandwich?
a: You spreddit.

q: What's the difference between "like", "love" and "showing off"?
a: Spit, Swallow and Gargle. 

q: Is your mother's name Josephine?
a: Cuz I had sloppy joe's for dinner last night.

q: Have you heard about the kidnapper?
a: He's really got away with kids.

q: Did you hear about the theft at the babysitter convention?
a: The police ended up searching every crooked nanny

q: What is the sheeps market called?
a: The Baa-zar.

q: What kind of pie can fly?
a: A Magpie. 

q: Why do baked bean cans contain only 239 beans?
a: Because if they had one more, they would be 240.

q: You hear about the new cemetery?
a: People are dying to get in there...

q: What begins with P and ends with orn?
a: Popcorn, of course!

q: What do rich people and bad flossers have in common?
a: Deep pockets.

q: Why was the Spanish train the primary suspect?
a: It had locomotive.  (I'm not sorry)

q: What did Steven hawking say when he first got his wheelchair?
a: I can't stand being in this

q: What's one thing you never want to hear your wife say while having sex?
a: "Honey, I'm home!"

q: What's the difference between fishing and dating?
a: In one you don't want to jerk the hook, but in the other you don't want to hook the jerk.

q: What did they bilingual foot model say as he enjoyed chips and warm bread by the fireplace?
a: "Tengo toasty toes, toast y toes, y Tostitos." My friend just posted this to Facebook :)

q: What did the silkworm comment on the message board?
a: "This thread is shit."

q: How do I like using Tinder?
a: It's all right!

q: What's the difference between an IRS audit and prison rape?
a: In prison, you have a chance at getting a reach around

q: What's the difference between a hooker and Jesus?
a: The look on their face when you're nailing them.

q: What do reddit fans and Apple fans have in common?
a: They both like seeing the same thing a year later.

q: What did the pig say when his wife left him?
a: "Don't go bacon my heart"

q: What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an arsehole?
a: Barack Obama's Tie

q: What did the fish say when it ran into the wall?
a: Dam.

q: What do you call all that useless meat around the vagina?
a: A woman

q: Did you hear the joke about the sewing machine?
a: It'll leave you in stitches!

q: What's the most common phrase at a strip club?
a: You come here often?

q: What do you call a dad without jeans?
a: A potato.

q: Did you hear about that Air Asia flight?
a: Air traffic control didn't.

q: Did you hear what they found in Jeffrey Dahmer's freezer?
a: Ben and Jerry

q: What's the shortest book in the world?
a: Deutscher Humor!

q: Why do oysters enjoy being cooked?
a: It raises their shellfish steam.

q: Why shouldn't you kiss anybody on New Years Day?
a: Because it's the first date.

q: Why can't SCAT be legally banned?
a: I could've gone my whole life without seeing that shit.

q: What's the difference between an Aboriginal and a park bench?
a:  One you sit on and the other is a park bench.

q: how do you wake lady gaga up?
a: poke her face

q: Why did the moth kill the other moth?
a: He was a member of the Mothia. Edit: Thanks guys, I made this up when I was about 8 and learned what the Mofia was... I have been trying to find an outlet for it ever since! 

q: Dad, how does it feel to have such a handsome son?
a: I don't know son, ask your grandfather...

q: What did the physicist say to the two women he was trying to pick up at the bar?
a: "Do you ladies wanna go back to my place and conduct a double slit experiment?"

q: Am I too fat?
a: Wife: I too fat to be a personal trainer? Me: No honey you just need to lose weight.

q: Why did the meteorologist bring a bar of soap to work?
a: He was expecting showers.

q: What's the difference between matter and a hormone?
a: You can't make matter.

q: Why don't pediatricians like to wait?
a: Because they have little patients.

q: How do you know that the drum riser is level?
a: The drummer dribbles out of both corners of his mouth

q: why do philosophers love the ocean so much?
a: because it's deep!

q: Why are there so many people in Ireland?
a: Cos' they keep Dublin and Dublin and Dublin...

q: What did Vladimir Putin say after dropping a smashing one-liner?
a: Putout

q: Why is it called an XBox One?
a: Because when you see it, you spin one degree and walk away.

q: What does space smell like?
a: Uranus!  Thank you, I'm new here :)

q: Where did the crab work inside her new job at the pizza factory?
a: At the crust station.

q: What did the fat guy give to the fat girl?
a: Just the tip...

q: What do you call a really expensive tombstone?
a: A R.I.P off.

q: Why can't Ross & Phoebe ever drown?
a: Because David Schwimmer and Lisa Kudrow.

q: What do snakes take for their sniffles?
a: Antihissssstamines!

q: What's a great thing to do in Fresno?
a: Leave.

q: What do I do after I die?
a: Idk EDIT: Read the letters out loud :)

q: You hear the one about the sexually adventurous Eskimo?
a: You name it, he was Inuit!

q: Where does a wealthy lady reside?
a: A womansion

q: What do Far Cry 4 and The Big Lebowski have in common?
a: I hate the fucking Eagles, man!

q: Have you heard about that new pirate movie??
a: It's rated AHRRRRRRRRR!

q: What kind of coffee does a peg legged pirate drink?
a: Decalfinated.

q: Do you know who Newton is?
a: A mother asks little Johnny "do you know who Newton is?"  Little Johnny replies "no"  She says "if you paid attention in school, you would know who he is"  Little Johnny says "do you know who Candy is?"  Mom says "no"  Little Johnny says "if you paid attention to dad, you'd know who she is"

q: What did the mushroom say on his dating profile?
a: I'm a fungi!

q: Why can't a bike stand on its own ?
a: Because it's two tired.

q: What did the mother Buffalo say when her boy left for college?
a: BYE-SON!

q: What's the oldest trick in the book?
a: The first one. 

q: What does Mike Tyson eat after a long time on twitter?
a: Tweets of course! ....and then your family.

q: Did you hear about the guy who had to be exorcised?
a: He couldn't pay the priest afterwards and got repossessed.

q: Best way to keep your money from the casinos in Las Vegas?
a: When you get off the plane, walk into the propellers!! its that easy...

q: Why did the little boy drop his icecream?
a: Because he got hit by a car

q: Did you hear about the Candy Factory they opened on the East Coast?
a: It closed after a month... they couldn't find any good wrappers.

q: What do you call the mineral found in teeth and tooth enamel?
a: Apatite.

q: What's Hitlers favourite weather?
a: HEIL!

q: What did Santa Clause give all the naughty boys and girls for Christmas this year?
a: He made them Batman.

q: How many Australians have been killed by Ebola?
a: Just one, Phillip Hughes

q: How does a guy with five dicks wear his pants?
a: Like a glove

q: What did Adam say to Eve?
a: Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!

q: How do you make a 6 year old cry twice?
a: Wipe your bloody dick off with her teddy bear.

q: What's it called when you try a different flavor of salsa?
a: A change of pace.

q: What Did The Jumbo Shrimp Say To The Jumbo Crab?
a: "Looks like you've got me in a pinch."

q: What's the difference between a girl's track team and a village of pygmies?
a: One's a bunch of cunning runts.....

q: How do Etheopians celebrate their first birthday?
a: By putting flowers on the grave

q: Why wont a Jewish cannibal eat a German?
a: Germans seem to give them bad gas...

q: How do bros want their drinks?
a: NOICE!!!!

q: Do you guys like presents?
a: Here I am!

q: Why is sex with 92 year olds tiring?
a: Because there is 90 of them...

q: Where does Khal Drogo keep his DVDs?
a: In  Yeah you'd probably only get this if you read ASOIF but the joke came to me randomly.

q: Why did no one believe the Psychologist ever went to the bathroom?
a: Because the 'P' is silent

q: What's the difference between an Olympic swimmer and an Olympic diver?
a: Mark Spitz and Greg Swallows Yeah, I know it's old....

q: What do you call someone who's afraid of Santa getting stuck in their chimney?
a: Claus-trophobic.

q: Why do Japanese people have slanty eyes?
a: Atomic bombs are realllllly bright. 

q: How do dogs save for retirement?
a: With a Ruff IRA. 

q: What can walk over the water, but can travel under the water without getting wet?
a: Jesus in a submarine.

q: What do jedhi's and rape have in common?
a: ... They both use the force

q: Why did the idiot stare at a carton of orange juice?
a: It said 'concentrate' on it

q: What did the vampire say to the teacher?
a: See you next period!

q: What did one gay pedophile say to the other at the beach?
a: Get out of my Son

q: Do you ever have the urge to eat something right in front of you?
a: Anyways, that's how I lost my job as a gynaecologist...

q: Where is the gangster egg from?
a: The Upper Sunny-Side 

q: What do you call a man with a penis in the middle of his face?
a: Fuck nose.

q: Why do Scuba divers fall backwards into the water?
a: Because if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the boat

q: What do people with aspergers Do in the bathroom?
a: They take an aspie

q: How many?
a: How many pessimists does it take to change a light bulb? None - it's probably screwed it too tight anyhow!

q: What do moldy corn flakes and Charles Manson have in common?
a: They're both cereal killers!

q: What do you call a midget physic that has escaped from prison??
a: A small medium at large

q: What kind of music do they play at Stonehenge?
a: Hard Rock.

q: How do black people tan?
a: Holding their hands up

q: What do you call a child who doesn't believe in Santa?
a: ...an eggnogstic

q: Why does LeBron James wear high socks?
a: His Cavs can't handle the Heat 

q: What do you call a group of disabled people in a pool?
a: Vegetable soup. I apologise to those offended by my terrible joke. Have another; Whats the hardest part of cooking a vegetable? Getting the wheelchair into the oven

q: Why is the stick attached to the roof?
a: Because it is sticky.

q: Can you imagine what would happen if Kate Middleton started doing porn?
a: She would be   fucked!

q: What do you call a story about a WW2 shipyard?
a: A riveting tale.

q: What did the judge say to the attractive woman soaked in pee?
a: You're an eight.

q: Why do people become bakers?
a: Because they knead the dough. (Kneading hand motions required during recital.)

q: What is a cheating wife's worst nightmare?
a: A husband in his hybrid

q: What goes "Ooooooooooo!"?
a: A cow with no lips.

q: What do rehab and the days after Christmas have in common?
a: Cold turkey

q: How long do you need to put the turkey in the oven for?
a: Mine was dead within 30 minutes  (credit goes to my Grandma)

q: What did the mentally handicapped kid get on his math test?
a: Drool

q: What's the cheesiest Stallone film?
a: Roquefort.

q: What is the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest?
a: A pimple doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.  This joke is all in good fun, sorry if anyone happens to be offended!

q: What do you call a group of retards in a sauna?
a: Steamed vegetables.

q: What did Adam say the day before Christmas?
a: It's Christmas, Eve!

q: What do pizza boys and gynaecologists have in common?
a: They can smell it, but they can't eat it! (Joke from sikipedia)

q: Why did the rooster cross the road?
a: To show he wasn't a chicken.

q: What has six eyes but can't see?
a: Three blind mice.

q: Where is the 'L' in christmas?
a: There is noel

q: Why are 490 Romans funny?
a: Because XD

q: What is the appropriate response when your cat tells you a joke?
a: You've gotta be kitten me. You can SPEAK?!?

q: What do you get when you mix an elephant and a rhino?
a: elephino.  (Hell if I know)

q: What do you call an envious ocean?
a: A jealou'sea'

q: What do you call a hooker at Christmas?
a: A frostitute

q: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers?
a: In case he got a hole in one.

q: What do you call a monkey sitting on a lions back?
a: The most animalistic way to ride a pussy

q: What's the difference between Santa and a Jew?
a: Santa goes down the chimney.

q: How do you get an elephant into a Safeway grocery bag?
a: You take the "S" out of safe and the "F" out of way. One of my all time faves. If you say it out loud it will make sense :D

q: Why can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle?
a: Nobody can.

q: What do you call a racist blind person?
a: A not see.

q: What did the Buffalo say to his son when he went off to college?
a: By son. 

q: Did you hear about the Asian guy who was so terrible that nobody mourned his death?
a: He was unbereaveable.

q: Why does corn in Illinois lean east?
a: Because Indiana sucks and Iowa blows.

q: Why are graveyards so noisy?
a: Because of all of the coffin.

q: How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people?
a: A big wave

q: what did the domino's pizza delivery guy say to Satan?
a: The power of crust compels you.

q: Have you ever noticed that cigars and scotch taste the same?
a: They both taste like my dad's approval.

q: What's Santa's favourite heavy metal band?
a: Sleigher

q: What do you call 100 cows masterbating ?
a: Beef Strokenoff 

q: What's the deal with lampshades?
a: If your gonna turn on a light... Why shade it.

q: How do you make Hitler kill himself?
a: Give him his gas bill.

q: Why is Santa always so jolly?
a: Because he knows where all the naughty girls live. You've probably heard this one before. But it's Christmas tomorrow so what the hell. 

q: Why is Santa Claus's sack always so full?
a: Because he only comes once a year

q: What number is higher than infinity?
a: 420

q: What do the NFL and Brokeback Mountain have in common?
a: The cowboys suck. 

q: A black guy and a Puerto Rican are in a car. So who's driving?
a: Neither! They're both research scientists gathering data on Google's driverless car. You racist

q: How does a frog greet a rabbit during the holiday season?
a: Hoppy holidays, and have a hoppin New Hare! Happy holidays everyone.

q: What body regulates the welfare of Santa's workers?
a: The Elf and Saftey Executive. 

q: Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
a: He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.

q: What do you call a Muslim pilot?
a: An Airrab.

q: How Long is a Chinamen?
a: Yes he is.

q: What's the difference between a canoe and a jew?
a: Canoes tip

q: What do you get when a Game of Thrones character sets up your photo studio?
a: Stark lighting.

q: What's a schizophrenic's favorite Christmas song?
a: Do You Hear what I Hear?

q: What do you call an organized group of people waiting to get drinks?
a: Punchline

q: Why can't the incredible hulk find a girlfriend?
a: Because all the girls know he just wants to smash

q: What do you call a muslim flying a plane?
a: A pilot.

q: What is the flatulent fat guy's favorite song after his gf dumped him during Christmas?
a: Last Christmas I gave you my fart

q: What do you call the study of butts?
a: Analysis.

q: What did the cow say when she saw the Dalmatian?
a: Dam... I got to get in shape!

q: Why do men finish first during sex?
a: Because Adam came before Eve!

q: Why did the punster enjoy the Broadway show about etymology?
a: Because it was a play on words.

q: Do you know how old I am?
a: I'm so old that I was around when the Dead Sea was just sick. (Told to me by my grandfather)

q: What's the difference between Christmas and the Great Marianas Turkey Shoot?
a: At Christmas, there's a nip in the air.

q: What is the most said band name during the holidays?
a: U2

q: Why do elephants prefer cars instead of motorcycles?
a: motorcycles don't have trunks

q: What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil?
a: Popeye's penis

q: How do you encourage a potter while he's glazing his bowl?
a: "Way to go dude, you're kiln it!"

q: Why can't a dog clap in the middle of a movie?
a: Because it keeps hitting pause. 

q: Are you an ideal amount of red phosphorus and am I a proportioned tiny wooden stick?
a: Because we're a match!

q: Why doesn't a window scream when you shatter it?
a: Because it's paneless.

q: What's a Henway?
a: Oh, you know. About 5 pounds. I'll show myself the door now.

q: What do orphans get at Christmas?
a: Lonely.

q: Did you hear about the woman who spent 1 million dollars on plastic surgery for her butt?
a: What a waist... 

q: What do you call the day before Christmas Eve?
a: Christmas Adam

q: How does a chef ask to leave the dinner table?
a: He says, "Gourmet I be excused?"

q: What is the difference between Santa and the Jews?
a: Santa goes down the chimney.

q: What's Dean Martin's favorite eel?
a: That's a moray.

q: Why did North Korea lose Internet?
a: Because they switched to Comcast.

q: Why did the dog sit in the front seat of the car?
a: Because the car had a sun "woof"!  Yes, I made this up myself. Yes, I have no friends. 

q: What's the affirmative response to a Jamaican mother?
a: Yeah mom!

q: Do you know the meaning "Happy wife, happy life"?
a: I tend to go with "Happy wife, extended life."

q: What's the difference between Light and Hard?
a: You can sleep with a light on

q: What do you say to change the atmosphere at a dinner party?
a: "If were all here, who's looking after Madeline?"

q: How many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: When this gets 500 upvotes, I'll tell you the answer.

q: What's the definition of a mere myth?
a: A pirate ship thailing clothe to an itheberg

q: Why do power lines hum?
a: Because they don't know the words.

q: What do you give to a man who has everything?
a: Penicillin

q: Someone has told me that menopause is mentioned in the Bible Is that true? Where can it be found?
a: Yes. Matthew 14:92: "And Mary rode Joseph's ass all the way to Egypt " 

q: What does The Rock said to his Girl Friend?
a: Im Stoned :p

q: How do you get a man in a coma hard?
a: Lick his Comatoes 

q: Is it gay when the Doublemint Twins make out?
a: Naw, they're just exspearminting. 

q: What do you call a dog with no back legs and metal balls?
a: Sparky

q: What do maggots and Alabama fans have in common?
a: They can both live off a dead bear for years.

q: How many recruits does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Five. One to change the lightbulb and four road guards.

q: Why didn't the art thief get away?
a: Because he didn't have to Monet to pay the Guy to make the Van Gogh.

q: How do you make a whore shut up?
a: Tell her to put a cock in it

q: How many male chauvinists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Zero. Let that bitch cook in the dark

q: How do you make German potato pancakes?
a: Cook them in the microwave

q: What did the physicist say when his wife wanted to go jewelery shopping?
a: "I don't have the energy for this."

q: What's Santa's favourite metal band?
a: Sleigher.

q: What did they start calling Kim Jong Un after he shed 60 kgs in weight?
a: Kim Jong Un what you thought it was Slim Jong Un? Sorry but you are not allowed to make puns on your supreme leader's name in North Korea

q: If OP was a Pizza Delivery Driver, how much would he make?
a: Nothing because OP never delivers. 

q: What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Phelps can finish a race.

q: What is a tree's favorite drink?
a: Root Beer

q: What kind of mane does a Chinese lion have?
a: Lo mein.

q: What is any guy's dream first job?
a: A blowjob 

q: What is heavy forward but not backward?
a: Ton

q: How do you make a dog sound like a cat?
a: You freeze it, put it on a bandsaw and cut it; "Meoooow".

q: Why did the sun-praiser receive the full inheritance from his grandmother?
a: Because he was the Solaire!

q: What did the porn star wear to court?
a: Birthday suit

q: Can we survive without whales?
a: No whey.

q: What do you call someone who hates people without toes and can't have ice cream?
a: Lack-toes intolerant

q: Why did a Mexican girl get pregnant?
a: She was told to do an essay in school. 

q: What do reindeer have that other animals don't have?
a: Baby reindeer

q: How are farts and Ancient Egypt similar?
a: They both have a Tutankhamun.

q: What's the difference between Santa and a jew?
a: Santa goes down the chimney.

q: How many jews can you fit in a Volkswagen beetle?
a: 4 in the seats and 47 in the ashtray.

q: Why are white girls odd?
a: Because they can't even!

q: Whats pink and smells like salmon?
a: trout

q: What do prayers and my Reddit submissions have in common?
a: No one fucking reads them.

q: Did you hear about the war on diarrhea?
a: It started out as a smear campaign, but ended up being a real shitshow.

q: Why do people eat carrots to help their eyesight?
a: They should be eating oranges because they have vitamin C. haha

q: Did you hear about the proctologist who had a car accident?
a: It rectum.

q: Why does New York have all the lawyers while New Jersey got all the garbage dumps?
a: New Jersey got to pick first

q: Why can't you tell when a Pteradactyl goes to the toilet?
a: Because the P is silent.

q: What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator?
a: Shut the door im dressing

q: What do you call one of Santa's helpers?
a: A subordinate clause

q: What do you call an angry Russian?
a: Pissdov

q: Where do you find 100 fat cows?
a: At bingo

q: What did one Christmas ornament say to the other Christmas ornament?
a: Let's hang.

q: How do diapers work?
a: (>_<)  Hnng.  Aaaaaaaah. Like that. I'll show myself the door.        

q: You know how people called Richard get called Dick?
a: Friend 1: You know people called Richard get called Dick. How do you get Dick from Richard? Friend 2: Depends how you ask him

q: What do you call a bread that catches a cold?
a: Flu-catcher bread

q: What's the difference between a soldier and a sailor?
a: Ever tried dipping a sailor in a boiled egg?

q: Do you know how to make a Venetian Blind?
a: Poke them in the eye

q: What do you call the money a prostitute makes?
a: Incum

q: Why did Bill Nye crash his car?
a: Because inertia is a property of matter. 

q: Why can you never compromise with a veggie burger?
a: Because they'll never meat in the middle.

q: Why does Snoop carry an umbrella?
a: Fo drizzle

q: Why didn't the Pharaoh believe he was drowning?
a: Because he was in deNile

q: How do you know when you've fucked an apple?
a: When you're in cider

q: What did the two gum diseases say to the one who had a party without them?
a: Why di'n'ja 'vite us?

q: How many people do the cops need to kill in order to start a riot?
a: 3/5ths

q: Why do women hate panty lines?
a: Because like, it sucks waiting around for underwear.

q: Why do little dogs shake so much?
a: They have Barkinson's

q: Why didn't the oyster give to charity?
a: He was shellfish.

q: What does the average cat say?
a: Mu

q: How do blondes' brain cells die?
a: Alone

q: What is better than getting a N64 on Christmas?
a: Getting a N64 now

q: What are Mario's overalls made out of?
a: Denim denim denim. 

q: What's the hardest part of the vegetable to eat?
a: The wheelchair

q: Why was the little shoe sad?
a: I'm here all night

q: How do you die by heroin?
a: When you are the villain

q: What are the 7 Irish drinking holidays?
a: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. 

q: What do you call a secret agent running for the bus?
a: A Russian spy.

q: Why do stoners love couches?
a: Because of their 'cush'ions!

q: What do Russians and gays have in common?
a: They both like bears.

q: Hear about the guy who had a fetish for Christmas?
a: He was fucking crackers.

q: What's the worst part about pissing outside in the winter?
a: Getting a 2 inch dick out of 3 inches of clothing. Stay warm out there!

q: How do you measure a milf?
a: themommeter

q: What's Tyrion Lannisters's favourite sea food?
a: Shrimp. 

q: Why was the baguette excited for his audition?
a: He heard he might be playing a big roll

q: What is the best part about showering with a 14 year old girl?
a: If you slick her hair back just right, she looks nine!

q: [OC] Why did the mayonnaise win the running race?
a: Because the tomato sauce couldn't Ketchup.

q: Why can't Chinese couples have caucasian babies?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a White! The credit to this joke goes to andino on sikipedia (cos if i dont credit it you lot will come after me with your pitchforks again!)

q: How do you get a guy to stop having sex with you?
a: Get him off. 

q: What do you call it when water is poured over a clock?
a: Time dilution.

q: Why did the Teletubbies find it hard to pee?
a: They only have one Tinkie-Winkie

q: If you're making out with a Thai girl, what's the first thing you should ask yourself?
a: Am I feeling nuts?

q: Why was the professional so impressed with the farmer?
a: Why was the professional so impressed with the farmer? Because he was outstanding in his field!

q: What do you call a crew of handsome Italian astronauts?
a: Fine specimens.

q: Why was the paleontologist angry?
a: Because he had a bone to pick.

q: Who brings all the good little inclined plane girls and boys presents at Christmas?
a: Slanta Claus.

q: You know what's best about Texas?
a: It's keeps all the texans in one fucking place!

q: How many Northern Californians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Hella.

q: What do you call twin kittens?
a: Dupli-cats

q: Why is a 12oz can of Coca-Cola more popular in St. Paul and Minneapolis than a 2 liter?
a: Because it's a mini soda. 

q: What do you call a septic cat?
a: pussy.

q: What do you call an oyster who can't find another job?
a: A clamboni driver!

q: What do you call a Roman warrior with hair in his mouth?
a: Gladiator Get it? Glad He Ate Her..

q: What do you call glasses that make you look wise?
a: Respectacles

q: Where did Michael Jackson go to college?
a: BringemYoung University

q: Who knows about math and science and is always close by?
a: An engi-near! 

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a Canoe?
a: Every once in a while a Canoe would tip.

q: Why do horses have such a low divorce rate?
a: Because they're all in   relationships!

q: What do you call a wheel with clothes?
a: Attire. My brother told this to me and it gave me a chuckle.

q: Son:Mom! What's a GF?
a: Mom:if you are a good boy,you will get one when you're older. Son:What if i'm not a good boy? Mom:You'll get many.

q: Did you hear about the guy who died of an epileptic fit?
a: He had a very flashy ending

q: What's a room full of saurkraut?
a: Over-krauted. 

q: whose playing shaggy so much?
a: Velma

q: What's the hardest thing about finding a dead baby on the beach?
a: Hiding the erection.

q: What did the raisin see when she came home early from work?
a: Her husband on a date.

q: What did the guitars do when they were unhappy with their government?
a: Formed a coustic d'tat

q: What's the difference between a customer and a weatherman?
a: One knows he's not always right.

q: Why don't black cops shoot unarmed white kids?
a: Because they'd get in trouble.

q: What's a horny pirates worst nightmare?
a: A sunken chest with no booty

q: What's the difference between a corn husker with tourettes, and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: One fits before they shuck, the other shits before they fuck.

q: What do you a zombie eating ice cream?
a: Braaaaaaiiiiiiin freeze

q: What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breasts?
a: One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.

q: Have you ever met that one guy you really want to punch in the face?
a: Turns out punching a mirror is painful for your hand.

q: What do you call a Hungarian insect who won't leave siddhartha alone?
a: A Buddha-pest.

q: What's the one knot I can tie with my butt?
a: A noose

q: What's the difference between me and a calendar?
a: You can't fuck the shit out of a calendar

q: What's the difference between a bag of sugar and a dead baby?
a: I don't use sugar in my signature cookies. 

q: How does a mathematician get Tan?
a: Sin/Cos

q: did you hear that Frosty broke up with his girlfriend?
a: i understand....he says she's frigid.....

q: What do the elderly eat?
a: Dementos

q: Was I your first?
a: John and Jenna had just finished making love and in a post coital moment John asked Jenna,"Sweety I am feeling a bit akward asking this but was I the first guy with whom, you know".  Jenna frowned and said," Yes you are my first! GeezI I hate it when you guys ask the same question"

q: What are condoms for?
a: Condoms are for fucking pussies, and for assholes.

q: What did the cop say to his belly button?
a: You're under a vest lol

q: You know what really sucks?
a: Sluts.

q: You know why you can't scare a gay guy?
a: Because they're not fucking pussies

q: What goes in dry and hard, but comes out soft and wet?
a: Chewing gum. What'd you think it was? 

q: what do you call a spicy wrap made at an Indian takeaway?
a: currito

q: What would happen if a rodent were to crawl into, and die in, a piece of equipment made by Dell?
a: ... it would create a fell Dell smell.

q: What's the difference between a tuna a piano and a pot of glue..?
a: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna What about the pot of glue reddit will ask. Hahahahaha I knew you'd get stuck there 

q: Have you heard of that family fun game Beat the Parents?
a: Talk about a double standard. 

q: Why did the chord get kicked out of the bar?
a: Because he was Aminor

q: Why does Shang Tsung always enjoy a religious song from Finland?
a: Because it's a Finnish hymn.

q: What do you call a fart from an Egyptian stranger?
a: Toot uncommon

q: What do you call when a blonde dyes her hair brown?
a: Artificial Intelligence

q: Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist that walked into a courtroom?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: Why did the Middle Eastern man not want his daughter to go on a date with a boy from school?
a: He was afraid she would come home stoned.

q: What's the same about Mexican and Black people?
a: Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal.  (Sorry if you're offended, I love all races.)

q: How many calories do you get from eating pussy?
a: It depends on which way she wipes her ass.

q: What's the difference between an Irish guy dying in a play, and you getting laid?
a: One's a tragic Mick...

q: How do girls know when they are adults?
a: When they start to like spankings

q: What's Mary short for?
a: She's got no legs.

q: How can you tell when a mechanic has had sex?
a: When one of his fingers is clean.

q: Why is it hard to break up with a Japenese girl?
a: ...you have to drop the bomb twice in order for her to get it.

q: Why can't youplay UNO with Mexicans?
a: Because they'll take all of your green cards.

q: What do you get when you cross a cat and a wild boar?
a: Revocation of your grant money and a stern rebuke from the ethics committee.

q: In what sport to balls go flying around at speeds of up to 150 miles per hour?
a: Jogging

q: From my 7 year-old son: What rhymes with 'boo' and really stinks?
a: You. Why I oughta...! Edit: Wow, thanks for all the love. My son is quite the character and he really caught me off guard with this!

q: Did you know there are only two Lawyer jokes?
a: The rest are all true.

q: What is Sacha Baron Cohen's favorite ion?
a: Borate.

q: How do you make a drummers car more aerodynamic?
a: You remove the pizza delivery sign! Hahahahaaa..ha

q: Did you hear about the German Jockey?
a: He came in pferd

q: What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
a: We're both lawyers.

q: What sound does a subatomic Cow make?
a: Muuuuuuon

q: What are your best racist jokes?
a: I find racist jokes to be the funniest! Share your best racist jokes here, but please stay respectful ;)

q: Did you hear about the documentary on perforations?
a: It was terrible

q: What's the difference between a ruble and a dollar?
a: One dollar

q: What do you call hiding in a Michael Bay movie?
a: Kabamouflage

q: Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a tall building and fell through a manhole?
a: He commited sewercide

q: Why is your washing machine always laughing?
a: It's taking the piss out of your knickers!

q: How do you beat someone in an argument?
a: Use your fists.

q: How do you know ancient Egyptians were black?
a: Because they never dig up daddies.

q: What is it that's made backwards?
a: Edam

q: Which cheese is made backwards?
a: Edam! (Kill me)

q: Why do canadians do it doggy style?
a: So they can both watch the hockey game

q: Why are red heads never calm?
a: Because it's so easy to make a ginger snap. 

q: Hanukah hip-hop act of the decade?
a: Dr. Dreidel with Justin Timberlatke. (There's gotta be more we can do with this.)

q: What's the name of the Hogwarts Professor that has an STI?
a: Syphilis Snape

q: What do you have if you are holding a cricket ball in each hand?
a: A bloody big cricket.

q: Why Did the Chicken Cross the Road?
a: After extensive marketing research the Colonel concluded that the franchise would benefit from better traffic patterns on the other side of the intersection.  (from my grandmother's Reader's Digest circa 1988)

q: What do you call a shape that's always worried?
a: A paranoid. (Wooo maths jokes)

q: Are you a cop from New York?
a: Because you take my breath away. 

q: Why do polish people all have ski at the end of their name?
a: Why do polish people all have ski at the end of their name? Because they can't spell toboggan.

q: Where does Jane Fonda buy her groceries?
a: Traitor Joe's.

q: What do they call Snoop Dogg in Asia?
a: Snoop Dinner

q: Why won't Santa be visiting Nigel Farage this year?
a: He only comes if you sleep, not if Ukip.

q: So, have you guys seen the headlines about 'Jesus might have had a wife'?
a: I don't know why they're still speculating. After all, it's pretty clear that   was nailing him.

q: Did you hear about the protests going on outside of Madison Square Garden?
a: Everyone was yelling "Hands up, Don't Shoot" but J.R. Smith and Carmelo Anthony just wouldn't listen.

q: What is red and white and red and white and red and ....?
a: Santa Clause rolling down a hill

q: What did zero say to eight?
a: Nice belt.

q: What does a girl have in common with a camel?
a: They both have a camel toe.

q: What's a rapists favorite meal?
a: Spaghetti-No's I'm sorry.

q: How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan was getting for christmas?
a: He felt his presents.

q: Why can't Sean Connery read November?
a: Because he hasn't Read October. 

q: What is dead on its back, 100 feet in the air?
a: A dead centipede. 

q: Do you know why they call them Sperm Whales?
a: Because they're delicious!

q: What do you call a violent Buddhist?
a: A Zero.

q: How do you get a jewish girls number?
a: Roll up her sleeve.

q: Why are black people always wrong?
a: They have no rights.

q: What did the man do after listening to a Pink Floyd album for two hours?
a: Skip to the next track

q: What do you call a Christian who comes to your door to sell you vacuum cleaners?
a: A Jehoover's Witness

q: How do you get a blonde on a roof?
a: Tell her drinks are on the house.

q: Why did the 16 year old Mexican girl get pregnant?
a: Her teacher told her to go home and do an essay.

q: Which war had the most overweight soldiers?
a: VietNOMNOMNOM

q: Can people using windows play games online with people with using Mac?
a: Depends on the wifi at Starbucks.

q: What do you call a pen without style?
a: Stylus. 

q: What happened to the Christian family when they didn't pay their exorcist?
a: THEIR HOUSE GOT REPOSSESSED! 

q: Hey, baby. Are you cheese?
a: 'Cause you look gouda to me.

q: Why does a chicken coop have two doors?
a: If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan !

q: Why does an elephant have four feet?
a: Because he'd look pretty silly with four inches.

q: How do you get a sweet little old lady to say F***?
a: Get another one to yell BINGO

q: Who is the coolest guy in the Hospital?
a: A. The Ultra Sound guy.  Q. Who is the second coolest?  A. The Hip replacement dude. 

q: What's the worst thing you can do in the name of cupidity?
a: Going to Thailand with your own children

q: Why is Stephen Hawking so controversial?
a: He never changes his position.

q: What did the man say after he got into a fight with the amputee?
a: You stumped me!

q: What do you call a bear that's been in the rain?
a: A drizzly bear, of course

q: What did the bull-fighter say to the upset door?
a: What's the matador?

q: What do you call a gay chicken?
a: A cock a dude'll do!

q: How do you feel when you don't have coffee?
a: Depresso.

q: How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision?
a: Nothing. He just keeps the tips.

q: Why did the calf cross the road?
a: To get to the udder side

q: Why isn't having sex with a dead baby considered necrophilia?
a: Because it was alive when you started.

q: What is Doctor Who's favorite snack?
a: Pop-Tardis

q: What's the difference between Santa and Jewish Santa?
a: One goes down the chimney, the other goes up.

q: What's the best thing about having sex with twenty-four year olds?
a: There are twenty of them.  (Yes I'm aware that there shouldn't be a hyphen if you're referring two twenty children who are four years old but that a misleading opener is what makes this joke funny.)

q: What do you call a sad Ent?
a: Mourning wood.

q: Why did China lose WW2?
a: Because their weapons were made in China

q: How you heard about the new bad breath removal strategy?
a: They call it the tic-tac tactic.

q: Why are there so many cat photos online?
a: Because Asians love to take a photo of their food before eating.

q: What would one call a movie about meth addictions?
a: Need for speed.

q: What's the difference between Marcus Mariota and Floyd Mayweather?
a: Best Duck Ever. 

q: Where does the CIA buy its groceries?
a: Whole Foods

q: Why is it so hard to give up fizzy drinks?
a: That shits like liquid Coke!

q: How do you measure a Lego figure's shoe size?
a: In square feet.

q: If Christians made a movie about church attendance, what would they call it?
a: Exodus  

q: How do lesbians celebrate special occasions?
a: They eat out.

q: what do you call a young Chinese prostitute ?
a: SUM YUNG HO

q: What do you call a yak that wants to talk to you about a network marketing opportunity?
a: A cognac

q: What's a pedophiles favorite piece of classical music?
a: Symphony in A Minor

q: What was the jew doing in the ashtray?
a: Family research.

q: What do you call someone with no arms or legs?
a: Jeffrey. Knock knock, Who's there? NOT JEFFREY

q: [Warning: Dad joke] What is a dog's favorite Christmas song?
a: Fleas Navidad

q: How do you hide money from a hippie?
a: Put it under the soap.

q: What's the difference between a slut and a bitch?
a: A slut sleeps with everyone and a bitch sleeps with everyone but you.

q: Who was King Arthur's knight who built the round table?
a: Sir Cumfrence

q: What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather?
a: drizzle.

q: Have you heard about Betty the cow?
a: She's outstanding in her field.

q: What's the difference between the Holocaust and the Boston Marathon Bombing?
a: The Boston Marathon Bombing ended a race.

q: Why is the north pole of a magnet red?
a: Because they don't have seals on the south pole Takes a while to get, but it's worth it in the end.

q: What's a gay man's favorite time?
a: Eight a'cock

q: What do you call a pirates thong?
a: A whispering eye patch.

q: Did you hear about the riot at the bar mitzvah reception?
a: There were mazel tov cocktails everywhere!

q: What did the apple tell the annoying orange?
a: Citrus down.

q: Q. What's the rudest type of Elf?
a: A. The GofuckyoursElf.

q: How does a sheep farmer find a sheep on top of the mountain ?
a: Acceptable

q: What's the hardest thing about riding a scooter?
a: Telling your parents you're gay

q: What's the difference between a sniper with bad eyesight and a constipated owl?
a: One shoots but can't hit, the other hoots but can't sh...

q: What did the Pirate say on his 80th Birthday?
a: Aye Matey!

q: Why does Santa give better presents to rich kids?
a: Because poor kids have behavioural problems! *rimshot*

q: Why was the atom laughing?
a: Because part tickles.

q: What did the web designer do when a hot girl walked up to him and squeezed his nuts?
a: He AJAXulated.

q: What do you call some who is afraid of Santa?
a: Clausetrophobic. I'm here all week.

q: Why was Kanye's Christmas gift to Kim spoiled?
a: Because he's a bad wrapper

q: What's Eric Garner's favorite song?
a: Breathe Again- Toni Braxton

q: why do chickens cluck?
a: why do chickens cluck? .. cause you can't say fuck with out a bottom lip.

q: What's 8 inches long, sausage-shaped, full of semen and stuffed between a sexy Thai's breasts?
a: My last bowel movement. Seriously folks, for a healthy stool, drink plenty of water, eat vegetables and use a squatting position.

q: What did the Doe say when she came out of the woods?
a: I'm not doing that again for two bucks.

q: How do you know your girlfriend is getting too fat?
a: Because she tried on your wife's pants and they fit.

q: Why does the pedophile like minecraft?
a: Because he liked playin around all those miners.

q: What is long and hard on a black man?
a: Third grade.

q: If an athlete gets athlete's foot, what does an astronaut get?
a: Mistletoe.

q: What do you call it when a stripper does charity work?
a: Pro   work

q: What's 10 inches long, hard as a rock, full of semen and makes all of the ladies scream?
a: A 10 inch long cock.

q: Why are Panda's always sad?
a: Because all their friends are dead.

q: Whats the difference between Elton John and a refrigerator?
a: The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.

q: What is a black guy's favorite game to play with the kids?
a: Peekaboo.

q: What is the generic name for Viagra?
a: Mycoxafloppin

q: Why does Santa have a garden?
a: So he can hoe-hoe-hoe! 

q: How many Mexicans does it take to fix a light bulb?
a: Twenty-Juan

q: What's the difference between a horse and a 13 year old boy?
a: The horse knows when I'm grooming him.

q: Why did Al Gore go to the dentist for a tooth pulling?
a: He had an Inconvenient Tooth.  

q: Did you know in judaism there is no hell?
a: Hitler changed that

q: Have you heard the joke about the corrupt government?
a: [Content Removed] 

q: Why is santa so jolly?
a: He knows where all the naughty girls live. Why am I so jolly? I stole his list.

q: What do you call an aligator that likes to wear vests when no one else is around?
a: A private investigator. 

q: Why didn't the two tampons talk to each other?
a: Because they were stuck up bitches. 

q: What's an 80 year old pussy smell like?
a: Depends!

q: What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish shepard?
a: The Stones say "hey you get off of my cloud!" The Shepard says "hey Mc Cloud get of of my ewe!"

q: What do you call a disease you get from having sex?
a: Infucktious Diseases

q: What is it called when Batman skips church?
a: Christian Bale

q: What do Santa Claus and Bill Cosby have in common?
a: They both know when you are sleeping.

q: What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation?
a: A waggin'

q: What did the teen say when she found out she was pregnant?
a: "My mom is gonna kill me!" What did the fetus say when the teen found out she was pregnant? " My mom is gonna kill me!"

q: How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: "Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains"

q: Did you guys hear that Lorena Bobbitt was recently involved in a traffic accident in L.A.?
a: Apparently some prick cut her off.

q: What is the slogan of the Mormon Church?
a: "We don't care how you bring 'em, just Brigham Young."

q: What was Boaz like before he got married?
a: Ruthless.

q: Did you know John Denver had dandruff?
a: Yeah, after his plane went down they found his Head and Shoulders washed up on a beach.

q: What's black and blue and hates sex?
a: The boy scout in my trunk.

q: Do you know how to tell your ass from a hole in the ground?
a: Stick your finger in and try to walk away.

q: How do doctors treat mesothelioma?
a: Asbestos they can.

q: You know what's odd?
a: Numbers not divisible by 2.

q: What Is An Doge?
a: much wow such doge much grammar such hamburger so good

q: how many Irishman does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 2, one to hold the light bulb the other to drink until the room spins 

q: How do you make cultured milk?
a: You take it to the Moo-seum. I know this joke is terrible, but I totally came up with it on my own, but I'm sure it exists already.   

q: Why is the tailor's daughter such a slut?
a: She gives great hem jobs.

q: What's the difference between a princess and a witch?
a: 2 years of marriage.

q: What's the difference between myxomatosis and Hugh Hefner?
a: Myxomatosis doesn't need Viagra to fuck bunnies. 

q: (A math joke.) What did the acorn say when it grew up?
a: Gee, I'm a tree.

q: Why did the condom fly out of the window?
a: Because it was pissed off.

q: Why did the guitarist keep his condoms in his guitar case?
a: He only needed them after he'd opened it.

q: Why did the Chinese kangaroo turn red?
a: Because it was making a Great Leap Forward.

q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowomen?
a: Snowballs.

q: What's the difference between a Kit Kat and an Essex girl?
a: You can only get 4 fingers in a Kit Kat.

q: What do you call a sleepwalking Nun?
a: A roamin catholic

q: Remember when you were a kid and you used to blow bubbles?
a: He said hi...

q: How can you tell when an accountant is extroverted?
a: He looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his own.

q: What is a rapper's favorite tea?
a: Black boo-tea

q: What do Mexicans use to slice pizza?
a: Little Caesers

q: Should America make China the 51st state so we can get better access to Chinese food?
a: I'm so sick and tired of Panda Express. 

q: Why is auto correct regarded as an important invention?
a: Because it's mage tipping berry ready for us. Obligatory edit: very easy for us

q: Why did the naughty child not get electrocuted when he stuck a fork in the socket?
a: Because he was grounded! (I'll see myself out)

q: What's long and thick and turns conservative women on?
a: The Bible

q: Where does Dracula buy his writing supplies?
a: Pencilvania. 

q: What if you had an eye in your asshole?
a: Imagine all the shit you would see...

q: Why do people on acid listen to Dubstep?
a: Because if they didn't drop the base it would be a neutral reaction and they wouldn't feel the psychedelic effects.

q: What do you call a search for small guitars?
a: Uke hunt!

q: Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field?
a: Because, corn has ears!

q: What followed the Big Bang?
a: The Big Cigarette

q: What do you call a bakery owned by a redhead?
a: A Ginger Bread-House

q: Why did Sally fall off the Swing??
a: Because She had no arms...... Knock Knock Who's There?? Not Sally........

q: What does Santa and Hackers have in common?
a: They both steal cookies ;) 

q: Whats green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you?
a: A pool table.

q: What's Santa's favorite snack?
a: A crisp Pringle

q: Why did Jesus walk on water?
a: Because niggas can't swim

q: Why did the climate change denier oversleep?
a: He wasn't worried about all that alarmism.

q: What did Russia say to Ukraine?
a: Crimea River

q: Why do orthodox rabbis like lemonade so much?
a: Because, it's acidic juice.

q: Where do you put a black jew?
a: the back of the oven!!!!

q: what do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed?
a: Some baked beans

q: Did you know Diarrhea is hereditary?
a: It runs in your jeans. ba dum tss.

q: Are black men becoming an endangered species?
a: No! Endangered species are protected by the law. -Chris Rock

q: What do you get when you cross a Judge and a Potato?
a: A Dicktater

q: did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero?
a: he is OK now.

q: Did you hear about the pedophile musician?
a: He was caught fingering A-minor. 

q: Why did Vanilla Ice steal a can of hair spray?
a: Because the label said, "Contents Under Pressure" Got this joke from my brother :D

q: What do you call a pickled deer?
a: Dill Doe :D

q: What do you call a Jamaican that wears glasses?
a: Rasta-four-eyes!

q: What do the woman from southern California and the clouds over the Pacific coast have in commen?
a: They're both Marine layers

q: Why did the chicken cross OP's mother?
a: .

q: What do wolves say when you yell barba streisand in the forest?
a: uuuuuUuuuUUUUuuuuuuuUuUUUuuuuuuuuuU

q: What does Taylor Swift tell her boyfriend when he gets toilet paper stuck on his arse?
a: Shake it off

q: Why did the KKK member fail his calculus class?
a: Because he didn't believe in integration. 

q: Who punishes Colorado underage smokers?
a: COPD

q: Why are DJ's so bad at fishing?
a: Because they're always dropping the Bass.

q: How can you tell if someone is vegan?
a: They'll fucking tell you!

q: What do you call a slut during the holidays?
a: A Mistlehoe.

q: Are you a solution of bismuth technetium hydride with a pH of 14?
a: Because you're one basic BiTcH

q: What did the Irishman say about the RC car tied to his scrotum?
a: It drives me nuts.

q: How many white Police Officers does it take to beat up one black motorist?
a: None.  He fell down some stairs.

q: did you the one about the girl who lost a cucumber I her vagina?
a: two weeks later out popped a pickle

q: What's worse than a male chauvinistic pig?
a: A woman that won't do what she's told.

q: Did you guys know the majority is always right?
a: Except slavery

q: What word is always spelled wrong?
a: Wrong

q: You've heard about the Ferguson situation, right?
a: The issues raised aren't exactly black or white.

q: What did Hitler say when the barber shaved his head?
a: Mine hair!! 

q: Why don't cows hang out with camels?
a: They're all a bunch of drama-dairies.

q: What does Rihanna think of Chris Brown?
a: beats me

q: What's a Buccaneer?
a: They're on the side of your buccin head.

q: Why is titty fucking a girl the most romantic way to make love?
a: Because it's when you're closest to her heart. 

q: What did god say when he created the first black man?
a: fuck you

q: What's the key to a good joke?
a: .....................................Timing.

q: Why couldn't the NSA agent leave his house this Winter?
a: He was Snowden. 

q: If Ben Franklin was a Nazi, how would he have discovered electricity?
a: By frying kikes.

q: What do you call an Eskimo peeping tom?
a: Tukaluk

q: Why did the Mexicans only bring 5000 people to the Alamo?
a: They only had two vans 

q: How does Lord Voldemort like his pussy?
a: (whisper) HHAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY

q: Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done??
a: Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done?? Teacher: - No of course not, but why do you ask? Pappu: - Because, I have not done my home work. :) :)

q: How many people of a certain ethnicity does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: 10, one to change the lightbulb; the other nine to act in a manner stereo-typically associated with said ethnicity.

q: How many metal drummers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: one, but it takes 32 lightbulbs. 

q: What do you call a boring taco?
a: Aburrido.

q: What is Mexico's favorite sport?
a: Cross-country

q: What has two holes and smells a lot?
a: Your nose

q: What do you call a weatherman's evil twin?
a: A doppler-gnger

q: What do you call a dedicated but untalented gymnast?
a: A working stiff

q: What're nuts on a wall?
a: Bob: What are nuts on a wall? Dan: walnuts? Bob: What are nuts on a chest? Dan: Chestnuts? Bob: What are nuts on your chin? Dan: Chinnuts? Bob: No, dick in your mouth!

q: What do you give to someone who has everything?
a: Antibiotics!

q: Why do feminist picnics suck?
a: Because no one ever makes sandwiches.

q: Wanna hear my vegetable joke?
a: Nah, It's too corny.

q: What do white guys do that lasts hours and makes white women scream?
a: NASCAR

q: What do you get when you mix up literature and alcohol?
a: Tequila mockingbird Or Ernest Hemingway

q: What's the difference between Kim Kardashian and a homeless man who works at McDonalds?
a: One of those greasy bums is making a lot more money. 

q: What is Mexico's National Sport?
a: Cross-Country

q: Do you know 25% of woman are seeking help for mental issues?
a: That means 75% are not getting the help they need

q: What did the astronaut say to his girlfriend?
a: I need space. 

q: What does Idk stand for?
a: Everyone I ask says they dont know

q: What do electricians get for Christmas?
a: Shorts!

q: What does a hooker get from Santa?
a: 50 bucks

q: How do you know a redneck invented the toothbrush?
a: If it where anyone else it woulda been called a teethbrush

q: Why did Vana White run off the stage of Wheel of Fortune?
a: She had a bowel movement during her vowel movement.

q: How do Catholic church priests stay healthy?
a: They exorcise.

q: Why is Iraq like the weather in Britain?
a: Because it's either Sunni or Shiite

q: What do you call an animal with a long neck and a love for oranges?
a: A Jiraffa.

q: What do you have when you get 32 rednecks in a line?
a: A full set of teeth

q: What did the set-up say to the punchline?
a: You're nothing but a joke.

q: How many guys in the friend zone does it take to light a light bulb?
a: None, they just stand around  complimenting it, and get mad when it won't screw.

q: What's the difference between a hooker and your wife?
a: You pay the hooker and she does what you want. And you pay your wife and she does what she wants.

q: How do you steal something from a crazy person?
a: You straight jack it.

q: If athletes get Athlete's Foot, what do astronauts get?
a: Missle Toe.

q: Q: Why is everyone tired of the king playing video poker on his porcelain throne?
a: A: Cause they're sick of all his royal flushes.

q: Why does lightning always strike trees?
a: They are the path of leaf resistance. 

q: Why couldn't the auction house find any buyers for the Celtic artifact?
a: It was completely runed.

q: Why was the lettuce scared of the salad?
a: Cos.

q: Why was the turkey (bird) named after the country?
a: Because fuck you that's why

q: How do Egyptians warn each other about a spreading fire?
a: Pyroglyphs.

q: How long does it take to cook a baby in a microwave?
a: I dont know. I was too busy masturbating!

q: Why was the dolphin depressed?
a: He felt he had no porpoise in life

q: Where to dogs who lost their tails go?
a: To a retail store.

q: Who says love is dead?
a: Necrophiliacs

q: A man in tights was found near a rock. What happened?
a: Superman committed suicide. 

q: What kind of bread do Rednecks like?
a: Inbred

q: Where did the King keep his armies?
a: Up his sleevies!

q: What Olympic event that involves throwing should be eliminated?
a: Discuss

q: What's the difference between a bitch and a whore?
a: A whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.

q: What do girls and snowflakes have in common?
a: They can't drive cars.

q: What kind of dog can do magic tricks?
a: A labracadabrador

q: What's a baby seals' least favourite drink?
a: Canadian Club on the Rocks

q: How many assholes does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: It doesn't matter, mine itches so bad it's on fire, providing plenty of light for everyone in the room!

q: What is the difference between a soap and a jew?
a: There isn't.

q: why do women wear make up and perfume?
a: Because they're ugly and they stink.

q: What's the difference between /r/funny and /r/jokes?
a:  is funny and   is a joke!

q: Who was the first female commodore?
a: The Commodore Amiga.

q: How do the jews comunicate?
a: With smoke signals

q: What's the difference between marmalade and jam?
a: You can't marmalade your cock up your girlfriends ass.

q: What killed Phil Hughes?
a: Ebola.

q: Why couldn't the orphan watch the movie?
a: Because it was PG

q: What's the worst feeling when getting your prostate examined?
a: Both of the doctor's hands on your shoulders.

q: Have uou ever played the Michael Brown drinking game?
a: You just stand there and take 8 shots

q: What is the difference between a tube and a foolish Dutchman?
a: One is a hollow cylinder and the other a silly Hollander. Source (Cause I can't claim fame for Victorian era jokes): 

q: Why aren't there any baby Transformers?
a: Because Auto-Bots pull out!

q: How are old jokes on reddit like a herpes outbreak?
a: You know they are going to keep coming back, and despite the fact they are weaker each time, you still don't look forward to them.

q: What's black and white and being milked tonight?
a: Michael brown's death

q: What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common?
a: They are fun to ride until your friends find out.

q: What are some jokes that only a specific group of people will understand?
a: For example, my father is a physicist and is constantly telling jokes that only people with a lot of experience in his field could actually understand.

q: What do you call a sinking ship from BP's Mexico division?
a: A Pedro leak.

q: Why does the forest stink during a storm?
a: Because the trees break wind.

q: What military rank do you hold while using a pay toilet?
a: Lieutenant

q: What's brown and runny?
a: Usain Bolt

q: Have you heard the joke that they don't tell assholes?
a: Oh, no? Nevermind then. 

q: Whats a good joke including all of these ethnicities?
a: Scotsman South African  Canadian Englishman Israeli Preferably about them walking into a bar, Im meeting my clients next week and im Canadian, we decided to plan to meet into a bar. So i think it would be funny to crack a joke right?

q: Did you hear about the musician who couldn't even pay to be in tune?
a: He was only a few cents off.

q: What do you call an Irishman sitting on his veranda?
a: Patty O'Furniture.

q: What happens when you combine TNT with a hard drive?
a: It gets blown to 

q: Why won't the honeydew marry the watermelon?
a: Because they cantaloupe..

q: So we all know about Gandhi right?
a: Well Gandhi  as well know was a very important person who in recent times has taken on a mystic quality to some. He often fasted for long periods of time making him rather weak and fragile, he went barefoot for long periods of time and so it's fair to assume he built up lots and lots of callouses and he was reported at one point to have very bad breath because of a gum disease. This all means he was a... Super Calloused Fragile Mystic Hexed By Halitosis 

q: What did a blind french guy said he wanted for christmas?
a: "All I want for christmas is yeux"

q: How do you make holy water from just plain water?
a: You boil the hell out of it.

q: Did you hear about the organic chemical terrorist group?
a: They call themselves Al-Dehydes.

q: What do you call a dog that doesn't eat meat?
a: A vegiterrier!

q: Why was 6 scared of 7?
a: Because 7 raped 6 when he was 4.

q: Why did 11 eat 12?
a: Cuz 12, 13, 14

q: Why is the mailman bad at sex?
a: His package cums  too quickly

q: What is the difference between like, love, hate, and showing off?
a: Spit, swallow, bite, and gargle.

q: What gets harder the longer it stays in your mouth?
a: Bubblegum

q: Where do hipsters swim?
a: Not in the mainstream

q: Where did Little Sally go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere!

q: What do you call sliding into home plate, on a green field in Mexico?
a: Muchas Grassy-ass. I'm sorry.

q: Why is Unidan's current account called UnidanX?
a: It's his tenth alt account.

q: Who's that one armed rockstar drummer?
a: Oh yeah, Phil Rudd. Too soon?

q: Who was the most popular cast member on The Facts of Life?
a: Prostitootie.

q: What do you call it when you rape a girl and cum on her chest?
a: A Cosby Sweater

q: Why do mice have small balls?
a: Not many of them know how to dance.

q: What do the titanic and Madelaine McCann have in common?
a: They're both at the bottom of the ocean and full of seamen

q: What do you call a gay farmer?
a: A jolly rancher!

q: Why does Snoop Dog always carry an umbrella?
a: Fodrizzle 

q: Wanna hear a joke about paper?
a: Nevermind, it's tearable! 

q: Know any good DJ jokes?
a: This is the only good one I know: "Why don't DJs play pool?  They always scratch."

q: Why did the optimistic Chinese guy wish he had multiple personality disorder?
a: He wanted to be the Changs he wanted to see in the world.

q: What do you call a guy that hates Christmas and steals the woman you love?
a: Ebenezer Scrooge-yagirl

q: Why was the kamikaze pilot so depressed?
a: He felt his life was heading for a downward spiral.

q: What's worse than being told by your doctor that you have gonorrhea?
a: Being told by your dentist

q: Why is a gay guy dating someone named Andy particularly useful?
a: Because he might come in Andy

q: How does the drug addict know the cocaine is good quality?
a: He just nose. All credit to my BFF

q: What did Elmo take before he left the tickle factory?
a: Two test tickles 

q: What are the three steps to put an elephant into the fridge..?
a: 1.Open the fridge  2.Put the elephant in  3.Close the fridge

q: How can you tell a rich Swiss from a poor Swiss?
a: The poor swiss washes his Mercedes by himself

q: Why did the scale not wear any of his shirts?
a: Because they all had a tare

q: Is toasting with deaf people offensive?
a: Hear hear...

q: What does a 1 eyed, 1 legged, and deaf kid get for Christmas?
a: ...Cancer

q: Why are you on /r/Jokes?
a: What arrr ya buncha pirates or sumthin?

q: Why do all polish names end in ski?
a: Because they can't spell toboggan (This joke brought to you by a 90 yr old polish man I take care of at a nursing home)

q: How do rocks feel about moss?
a: It's growing on them.

q: Did yoy hear what happened to the dyslexic satanist?
a: He sold his soul to Santa.

q: Why did the punk cross the road?
a: He was safety-pinned to the chicken.

q: What is a orphans biggest dilemma when it comes to cooking?
a: Making a homemade meal.

q: Why, in the United States, do we not have the letter "u" in words like "favourite" and "colour"?
a: Because fuck u and no one likes u, that's why.

q: Wanna hear a clean joke?
a: Bob had a bath with bubbles.  Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles was a guy. 

q: Why was little Jimmy fishing in the well?
a: Because Tom had previously drowned in the well and everyone said "Tom is sleeping with the fishes."

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and not legs laying on a porch?
a: Matt

q: What happens when you put your grandma on speedial?
a: You get Insta-Gram

q: Why is everyone in the Soviet Union always in a hurry?
a: Why is everyone in the Soviet Union is always in a hurry? They're all Russian.

q: How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh?
a: Ten-tickles

q: Why did the guitar shop fail a fire safety inspection?
a: No Stairway.

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say before he went down the mine?
a: I'll be black.

q: Q: How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: A: None. Each lightbulb contains the means of its own revolution.

q: whats worse than a dead cat on the piano?
a: a diseased beaver on your organ...

q: How did the private eye use math to find the intent of the crime?
a: He solved for y! Thought this one up myself and thought it was post worthy

q: Why did the bride and groom get married in a hot tub?
a: So that the bride wouldn't get cold feet.

q: What's long, hard, and has cum in the middle of it?
a: A cucumber.

q: What did the hippie say when you told him to leave your house?
a: Namaste

q: What do you call an Indian Jedi?
a: Mace Hindu.

q: How do you get away with murder?
a: Become a cop first.

q: What do they call the Hunger Games in Ethiopia?
a: Games.

q: What do you call the cook on a Soviet battleship?
a: The khrushchev

q: How can you tell if a hippie has been at your house?
a: He's still there.

q: Did you hear about the problem at the Indian bread factory?
a: Turns out it was a naan issue.

q: What happens when you come across lion?
a: Wipe it off and say sorry.

q: What's a cats most common written thought?
a: ,.........mmmnhhhhgcdddxxdtyyhhbvbbb

q: How many Jon Snows does it take to change a light bulb?
a: It wouldn't matter. Jon Snow knows nothing.

q: What's the deal with Drake, first he was an actor now a rapper?
a: Must have been all degrassi was smoking. I'll let myself out.

q: How did one Brain apologise to the other?
a: I'm cerebro

q: What do 9 out of 10 people always agree on?
a: Gang rape What do those 9 disagree about? The order

q: What's the worst part about being black?
a: Even the name has 'lack' in it

q: How do you know Jesus is okay with gays?
a: Because he had two dads 

q: What do you get when you cross The Atlantic with The Titanic?
a: About halfway.

q: What do you call a nosy pepper?
a: jalapeno business!

q: How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: A Brazillian.

q: Why is there no gang violence on the space station?
a: Because it is a zero G environment.

q: What do you call Al-Qaeda's April Fools prank?
a: A jihahahad!

q: Hear about the kidnapping at school?
a: Don't worry he woke up

q: Want to hear a joke about testicles?
a: Today's your lucky day, because I've got two!

q: Did you hear the one about the amber alert?
a: Neither did the children in my basement.

q: what's black and white and red all over?
a: interracial couple losing virginity

q: Why doesnt Santa have any kids?
a: Because he only comes once a year. 

q: What is the definition of a Barbarian?
a: It's someone who cuts hair in a library.

q: What is the job of a gentleman pimp?
a: To Tally-hos!

q: Why the young tailor couldn't finish his father's pants?
a: Because he had no pocket money.

q: What's the best thing about fucking twenty-three year olds?
a: There's twenty of them

q: What do members of secret societies use when they get a head cold?
a: An Illumi-neti pot

q: What do you hear when Bill Cosby walks into the room?
a: (Zzzzip)

q: What do you get when you put a knife in a babys ass?
a: A hard on 

q: What do Native Americans do for the holidays?
a: Nativities.

q: What do a guitar and a drum have in common?
a: Neither of them are a clarinet!

q: Why aren't there many female NASCAR drivers?
a: Because women always think they're right.

q: If advil is ibuprofen, and tylenol is acetaminophen, what is viagra?
a: Micoxafalin.

q: How do you confuse a gay?
a: 7

q: What happened when pigs started flying?
a: Everyone got swine flu

q: What do Japanses pirates do?
a: Fry pranes.

q: Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics?
a: Having legs.....

q: What do you call your saggy old midwife?
a: Me doula oblongota   

q: What do you call a jew who works at a brewery?
a: A he brew.

q: Where does the general keep his armies?
a: Up his sleevies. 

q: What do you get when you dress the Hulk in Captain America's clothes?
a: A Star-Spangled Banner.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe?
a: Canoes tip.

q: Did you hear about that one statistician?
a: Probably.

q: how do you drown a blonde?
a: put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool

q: a sphincter says what?
a: pants up, dont poop. 

q: What does Sean Connery do with his quiche?
a: He opensh hish doorsh with them. 

q: What do you call a man with no arms?
a: Anything you want. He is 'armless

q: What is it called when the Queen farts?
a: a noble gas!

q: What do you call Squidward's Protest Group in Mexico?
a: Counter-Esp on ge

q: did you hear the one about Santa went to the doctors?
a: did you hear the one about santa went to the doctors doctor says to him what is the problem , Santa says i have a mince pie stuck up my bum the doctor say bend over let me have a look, santa say well doc what do you think DOctor replies your in luck i got some cream for that.

q: How did Roman magistrates keep fit?
a: Pontius Pilates.

q: why didn't natalie wood take a shower on the boat?
a: she wanted to wash up on shore...

q: Whats the last thing that goes thru a bug's mind when it hits the windshield?
a: Its ass.

q: What do you call an attractive zombie?
a: Drop dead gore-geous!

q: What's the KKK's favorite Christmas song?
a: White Christmas.

q: What did the angry dough ball say to the other dough ball?
a: You trying to get a rise out of me! Came up with while I was making pizza. 

q: What is the most well educated type of nut?
a: Macademia.

q: Where do you go when you start up a videogame about Noodles?
a: To the lo mein menu

q: What do you call someone who impersonates a lousy mom?
a: Bad mother faker.  

q: Why would anyone want to be a masochist?
a: Beats me

q: What do you call a guy who plays the guitar unplugged?
a: An amputee

q: Why did the golfer wear a extra pair of pants?
a: In case he got a hole in one

q: Teacher: why did you laugh?
a: Teacher: why did you laugh? Boy: I saw one strap of your bra. Teacher: get out of the class for 1 week. Two boys laughed, Teacher: why did you laugh: boys: I saw both straps. Teacher: get out for 1 month. She bent down to take chalk, jony started walking out. Teacher: jony, why you are going out? Jony: what I just saw I think my school days are over.

q: What do you call Sherlock Holmes when he's constipated?
a: No shit Sherlock.

q: What do you call black characters in Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
a: Niggas in Ferris.

q: Whats the difference between OP and a magical ram?
a: Whats the difference between OP and a magical ram? One is a Fey Goat, while the other is a  .

q: What do a walrus and tupperware have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal.

q: How do you know the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
a: Snow Balls

q: How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex?
a: Call her and tell her all about it.

q: What's the difficult part about having a dingo for a pet?
a: It takes 10 months to give it a good meal

q: Why aren't people from the Westboro Baptist Church archaeologists?
a: Because they are  phobes.

q: Why does the ocean roar?
a: You would too if you had crabs on your bottom and oysters in your bed.

q: How do lions like their steaks?
a: RAWR

q: What do you get when you cross a garden, a rabbit, and some ExLax?
a: For the love of everything sacred on reddit please do not make me actually key the answer....okay, let's say it together, "Salad Shooter".

q: Why is "Z" afraid of all of the other letters?
a: Because they're Not-Z's ( )

q: What do planets like read?
a: Comet books! Edit: What do planets like to read?**

q: Why don't they have driving classes and sex Ed on the same day in Saudi Arabia?
a: Because the camels can't handle it

q: What is the best offensive joke you have? Can you make me laugh?
a: Read all the other threads. I need new content. The old stuff is getting, well old.  Here's my contribution.  Have you head of the new drinking game? The mike brown special: stand there and take 12 shots.  What's the difference between mike brown and a college kid? College kids can handle more shots before they fall down. 

q: Why do the French have so many civil wars?
a: So they can win one every now and again. (Thanks, John Cleese! This was too good not to share.)

q: How does Jerry Seinfeld play ice hockey?
a: With his Shtick.

q: How do you know when you're at a gay barbecue?
a: All the hot dogs taste like shit. 

q: How did the little boy save the catholic priest's life?
a: He found a lump on his testicle.

q: Which band is difficult to dance to?
a: The Beatless

q: Why did the leper chase the leopard?
a: Because she wanted the D. (I dreamed this joke last night. Not bad for a dream joke.)

q: Did you hear about the lady who backed into a belt sander?
a: Disaster.

q: Why did it rain on Christmas Eve?
a: Because of Santa and his Raindeer.

q: What does a Mexican cop say when he wishes you a Merry Christmas?
a: Police Navidad.

q: What do you call a soldier who survives Mustard gas and pepper spray?
a: A seasoned veteran. 

q: What did The Mandrain say when he told his wife he'd stop masturbating?
a: You'll never see me cumming.

q: Knock knock. Whose their?
a: The grammar police.

q: Whats a Floridian hookers favorite drink?
a: Sunny-D

q: What breaks when you give it to a twelve year old?
a: Her hips. 

q: Where does Russia get its water from?
a: De-stalinization plants

q: What is them difference between a horse and a Harley Davidson?
a: On a Harley, the dick is on the top.

q: Why are fat girls so good at giving head?
a: Because they have to be.

q: Did you hear about the Darth Vader rape allegations?
a: After they said no, he used the Force.  

q: What should you always ask after someone says "I'd fuck her, but only with a bag on her head"?
a: Paper or plastic?

q: Why do they say I'm black in the bedroom?
a: I'm fast.

q: What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish shepherd?
a: One says, "Hey, you, get off of my cloud!" The other says, "Hey, MacLeod, get off of my ewe!

q: What's the Incredible Hulk's favorite food?
a: Smashed potatoes.

q: How can you tell when a wine connoisseur is happy?
a: They have a semillon!

q: Why should jokes always be sent over TCP?
a: Because you're assured that the recipient will get it. (Don't you DARE explain the joke in the comments)

q: When is the one time when no doesn't mean no?
a: When a woman rejects feminism.

q: Why did Dr Facilier cross the road?
a: He had friends on the other side.

q: ho! ho! ho! why is Santas sack always full?
a: Because he only comes once a year.

q: What's the difference between an oral, and rectal thermometer?
a: The taste.

q: Why does Jesus always leave a door open for you?
a: Because he was born in a barn.

q: How many jews could get in to the cab?
a: It depends on ashtrays capacity. //badenglishsorry

q: What's the difference between Beer nuts and deer nuts?
a: Beer nuts are over a dollar; deer nuts are under a buck.

q: Did you hear about the pirate who used to walk the plank every night?
a: Well, he couldn't afford a dog.

q: When does a cub become a boy scout?
a: When he eats his first brownie

q: What's Charles Dickens's middle name?
a: Deep

q: What did Hitler Drink for breakfast?
a: Jews.

q: Why do women make better pilots than men?
a: They only have one joystick to worry about.

q: What do you call a white asian who loves cola?
a: Cokeasian.

q: What do crazy girlfriends and chocolate have in common?
a: They both kill your dog

q: What do you call a Nazi who is social and moves freely at a party?
a: What do you call a Nazi who is social and moves freely at a party? Josef Mengeling

q: Did you know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her Head and Shoulders in the glove box.

q: Why did the Ferguson protesters not participate in Black Friday?
a: Because they have already looted everything they would have bought anyway.

q: What's Chris Martin's favorite drink?
a: Apple Martini

q: Why is Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson always so sad?
a: Everyone takes him for granite.

q: What do you call a baseball player who watches porn?
a: A master batter

q: Why does Stephen Hawking do one-liners?
a: Cause he can't do stand-up.

q: Q: On a scale from 1 to 10, what is your favorite color in the english alphabet?
a: A: Yes

q: What is logic?
a: A mute telling a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a paraplegic running behind a bald guy while grabbing his hair.

q: What's Mario's favorite pants?
a: Denim Denim Denim

q: How do you make a Jewish philosopher have a Eureka moment?
a: Tell him the Final Solution.

q: What did the Asian guy say when he was caught sleeping with another man's wife?
a: Me love you wrong time.

q: You know what I like better than a good non-sequitur?
a: .

q: Why don't Natives like snow?
a: Because it's white, and it's on their land.

q: Why did the ghost cross the road?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What's the Square Root of 69?
a: Ate something.

q: How do you stop clowns from attacking you?
a: Go for the juggler

q: Why cant the Rolling stones ever be pastors?
a: We all know they dont gather mass.

q: Why won't the members of the Westboro Baptist Church drink whole milk?
a: Because it's Homo.

q: Why did the hipster drown?
a: Because he went ice-skating before it was cool (   )

q: What did the white man do at the club?
a: Pout while all the colored folk were bumpin and grinding with all the fine white bitches

q: What do Indians live in?
a: Poverty.  :(

q: How do you make a dog meow?
a: Put it in the freezer for three days.  Run it through a bandsaw.  Meoooooow.

q: If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would I have?
a: Two feet of my cock in your ass.

q: Whats 6'2" and doesnt work?
a: My moms van, its been sitting on blocks all summer you racist bastard.

q: What do you throw a drowning guitarist?
a: His amp.

q: What's the difference between one polar bear and 10 polar bears?
a: 9 polar bears (joke on a mug at work. lame, ik)

q: Do you have something against black people?!?!!?
a: Yes, an alarm system.

q: Why doesn't Jesus enjoy manicures or pedicures?
a: Because they always try to mess with his nails.

q: Did you hear about the vegan cannibal?
a: He only ate quadraplegics. Credit to:   for the inspiration

q: Wanna hear a joke that ends in a cliffhanger?
a: [deleted]

q: Why does Thanksgiving feel like a date with Bill Cosby?
a: You wake up 3 hours later drowsy and wondering why you feel like you just got stuffed with dark meat

q: What do you call a round knight?
a: Sir Cumference 

q: What was the name of that south Korean who had a foot fetish?
a: Suk Sum Toh

q: How do you ask a tyrannosaur out to lunch?
a: "Tea, Rex?"

q: What do pirates do with their treasure in the winter?
a: They BURy it

q: What kind of organisation is Atheism?
a: A non-prophet organisation.

q: Why did the German baker claim on his insurance at Christmas?
a: Because his bread was stollen!!!

q: What is a punny play?
a: A play on words.

q: You guys hear the one about the little French pig?
a: It cried Oui Oui Oui all the way home.

q: What did the barfly say to the other barfly?
a: I saved you a stool.

q: What do you call a basketball team full of giraffes?
a: The New York Necks

q: What does a blind person say when you give them sandpaper?
a: "Well that's really tiny writing!"

q: How do you spot the violent kids at the circus?
a: They go straight for the juggler.

q: You know why it's called Black Friday?
a: Because everything is 3/5ths the original price!

q: Hey baby, are you a space archaeologist?
a: Because there's gonna be a bone for you to discover in Uranus

q: What is the #1 cause of paedophilia?
a: Sexy children.

q: What do you call empathetic bovine?
a: understand bull

q: Guess which city got the best black Friday deals?
a: Ferguson, it was a steal.

q: What bounces and makes kids cry?
a: The cheque I just sent to Save the Children. 

q: Whats the difference between a woman and a plate?
a: You can lick a plate dry

q: Why do teenage girls always hang out in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: Remember how white people rioted after OJ Simpson's acquittal?
a: Me neither.

q: What's the difference between God and Bono?
a: God doesn't walk around thinking he's Bono.

q: Can you guess how many turkeys we're gonna serve tomorrow?
a: Turkey-two j.k. we don't celebrate thanksgiving here lol happy normal day to us

q: Where can you find the best Black Friday deals with items at 100% off?
a: Ferguson!

q: how did canada choose its name?
a: They pulled letters out of a hat. C, eh N, eh D, eh

q: How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American?
a: Last Supper

q: What's the difference between a hooker and a dead baby?
a: One makes you feel sick and the other one is free!

q: What do you call a porn star who only does anal when she's drunk?
a: Mullet. Business in the front and outdated by today's standards in the rear

q: Where do all the bad hamburger buns live?
a: In the seedy part of town

q: Want to hear a joke about Nitric Oxide?
a: NO

q: What's the slogan of Jewish proselytizers?
a: Yahweh or the highway.

q: Why couldn't the pickle leave the bar?
a: Because the door was ajar!

q: What did the sun god say in apology for all he had done wrong?
a: "I Apollogize".

q: What does Salvador Dali have for breakfast?
a: Surreal.

q: What is the Fonz looking forward to the most in the future?
a: The iPhone Ayyyye-t

q: Why did peasants hate knights' outfits?
a: Because everyone hates chain mail.

q: What do the Scottish people call iPhone?
a: A: an AYE-Phone. (Joke brought to you by a 5 year old)

q: What do you call the king of the jungle in the land down under?
a: Australian.  Yes I know lions aren't jungle animals, but as per common nomenclature etc etc yadda yadda raspberry :) 

q: Which came first? Chicken or the egg?
a: I CAME FIRST! edit: CAME = CUM

q: How do you get a Catholic Nun to have sex?
a: Dress her up like an altar boy

q: Do you know what bald eagle tastes like?
a: Freedom.

q: How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS?
a: How do you call the homosexuell mathematic department of ISIS?

q: What is it when you turn off the heat?
a: Not cool.

q: Did you hear about the Ethiopian man that fell into an alligator pit?
a: They say he ate 7 alligators before they could drag him out of there.

q: What's the best way to eat a thanksgiving vegetable?
a: Pick her up out of the wheelchair

q: Why are there no walmarts in Pakistan?
a: Because there's a target on every corner

q: What do you get when you cross an oven with a car?
a: A hot rod. NOTE:  When I was about 5, I thought this was the funniest joke on earth.

q: What do fish in Jamaica smoke ?
a: Sea-Weed. I'll show myself the door.

q: What do you call a horny priest?
a: A firm believer. 

q: Did you hear the one about the perverted statistician?
a: He couldn't get off on the standard deviation

q: What's a pirates favorite fast food?
a: Arrrrbys

q: What sexual position produces the ugliest children?
a: I don't know, ask your mom.

q: Who's the only one who doesn't say thanks on Thanksgiving?
a: The Turkey. 

q: Who was the first black person accepted into Harvard University?
a: The Janitor

q: Do you know how do you spell Mississippi with one I?
a: M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I

q: What's the point of going to somebodys funeral?
a: It's not like they are coming to yours.

q: What kind of cheese is best to watch Lost with?
a: Smoked Muenster.

q: What fruit can't get married?
a: CANTELOPE

q: What happens when you combine an alpha particle and a beta particle?
a: They become alpha-beta-cle 

q: What do you call a nun lost in the woods?
a: A Roamin Catholic.

q: What part does Woody Harrelson want to be remembered for most?
a: Harrelson's woodie.

q: Why did the internet pirate get scurvy?
a: He couldn't use Lime Wire anymore.

q: When is it okay to spit an arab woman in the face?
a: When her moustache is on fire!

q: What did one sailor say to the other on Dec. 7 1941?
a: There's a little nip in the air.

q: How many honest politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: All three of them. 

q: Why'd the hipster burn his mouth?
a: He had his soup before it was cool.

q: Why are there no Bruce Lee jokes?
a: Because Bruce Lee is no joke.

q: What kind of shoes does Voldemort wear?
a: Hor-crocs.

q: What game is all the rage with the Ferguson rioters?
a: Truth or Darren Wilson.

q: What do you get when you pour root beer into a square glass?
a: Beer X-post from 

q: What's the key to a great Thanksgiving?
a: Turkey

q: Why aren't snowmen called snow women?
a: Because they're in the kitchen melting.

q: Is it too soon for Michael Brown jokes?
a: Thought I would give it a shot. 

q: A black man and a Mexican man open a restaurant together. What is it called?
a: Nachomama

q: What's the best part of having Miley Cyrus over for thanksgiving dinner?
a: Unlimited twerky

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and A Black Rapper?
a: Santa stops after three hoes.

q: Why are they rioting in Ferguson?
a: Because they carefully and objectively reviewed the evidence from the trial and thought a legitimate injustice had been done.

q: How does a painter support their art in this economy?
a: Easel-y

q: Why do Native Americans like being invited to Thanksgiving dinners?
a: Because usually they're stuck with reservations.

q: Why are Helium, Curium and Barium called the medical elements?
a: Because if you can't Helium or Curium, you Barium. (Heard it from Heimerdinger, League of Legends)

q: What did the blind, deaf, mute girl get for Christmas??
a: Cancer.

q: How do a neckbeard's cells divide?
a: by m'tosis

q: What is the best thing to come out of Italy?
a: An empty bus..

q: What do you call a muslim on an airplane?
a: A passenger you racist fuck.

q: Why did the turkey walk across the road twice?
a: He didn't want to be called chicken 

q: Why do Ohio State students and alums say "THE Ohio State University"?
a: Because they're all insecure assholes with small dicks, and adding "THE" in front of their second rate school's name adds some sort of meaning to their pitiful existences... ...at least that's what a Michigan alum told me the other day

q: What did Harry Potter name his daughter?
a: Harry Daughter.

q: How can you lift an elephant with one hand?
a: A. It is not a problem, since you will never find an elephant with one hand.

q: What do you call a shitty city?
a: Turd Furgeson

q: What's the difference between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson?
a: Only one of them knows how to dodge a bullet.

q: What do you call Hitler underwater?
a: Adolfin.

q: What do you call a bee with a toe?
a: "Toby"

q: Which character in Game of Thrones do I envy the most?
a: Some bloke named Winter. Managed to go 4 years without cumming.

q: Did you hear the one about Ferguson?
a: It's a riot.

q: Why did the yankee wolf like southern ladies?
a: By the time they said "I'm not that kind of girl" they were.

q: What's the thin line between love and hate?
a: A condom.

q: Why didn't the blind man want a seeing eye dog?
a: He wasnt about to take directions from some bitch

q: What do you call a really shitty nieghbor?
a: Dinkleberry!

q: Where did Jimmy go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere.

q: How do you get a one armed polack out of a tree?
a: Wave hello

q: Did you know it's now politically incorrect to say 'black paint'?
a: Now you have to say "Jamaal can you please paint the fence".

q: My (black) coworkers informed me that black people can't get lice?
a: "You know what else they can't get? Good jobs." I received a write-up :(

q: What do you call a society governed by men with no testicles?
a: An anorchy... ...I swear, that one KILLED at the urology convention

q: How are women like tornadoes?
a: At first there's lots of blowing and sucking, then your house is gone. 

q: What do you call a bear's dick?
a: a weenner the pooh

q: What did Aslan tell Lucy about the Witch and the Wardrobe?
a: It's Narnia business.

q: How many niggers does it take to win a war?
a: All of them.

q: What do you call fat dubstep?
a: Chubby wubby

q: What do you call an angry pirate?
a: P-irate 

q: Why was the energizer bunny arrested?
a: He got a battery charge.

q: Why can't you ever trust an atom?
a: Because they make up everything 

q: How many cops does it need to change a light bulb?
a: None, they just beat the room for being black. 

q: What's another word for slaughterhouse?
a: Lumbar mill.

q: Who burns their own city down?
a: The people of Ferguson.

q: What do you do when an angry pack of clowns confronts you and tries to fight?
a: Go straight for the juggler.

q: Why did the Jews have such a hard time in Russia?
a: They couldn't get with the pogrom.

q: What does a astronaut put in a sandwich?
a: Space Jam

q: How can you tell a black lady is pregnant?
a: When she pulls the tampon out and the cotton is already picked.

q: What's the difference between officer Darren Wilson and Michael Brown?
a: Officer Wilson can dodge a bullet

q: Why did the Turkey join the band?
a: because he had two Drumsticks. 

q: What's the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant girl?
a: You can unscrew a lightbulb.

q: Why can't short people cook?
a: Because the steaks are too high.

q: Why was Harry Potter kicked out of Hogwarts?
a: Why was Harry Potter kicked out of Hogwarts? He was caught playing with his broomstick.

q: What do you call a postmodernist ravioli?
a: What do you call a postmodernist ravioli? An intellectual impasta'.

q: Whats the difference between a cricket ball and an Aboriginals pussy?
a: You can eat a cricket ball

q: How many times can you watch the Godfather movies before you're bored?
a: More than a Coppola times....Solozzo times I guess..don't be a Fredo gettin' addicted to it.... It's Kay    :)  

q: Who represents a Ghost in court?
a: A Paralegal.

q: Why did Bill Cosby make his own Jell-O?
a: Because his girlfriend was in a Roofie induced coma.

q: What do you call a Nurse that specializes in male genitalia?
a: A Pi-nurse.

q: What do you call an obese terrorist?
a: Osama Bin Eating

q: Girl, are you a parking ticket?
a: Because I want to throw you aside and forget about you forever.

q: What do you call Hitler in the water?
a: Adolfin.  Stolen from 

q: What does Samuel Jackson say when he is mugging you?
a: What's in your wallet?

q: Where's Spiderman's home page?
a: Where's Spiderman's home page?  On the world wide web. 

q: What do you call an Ethiopian on a hunger strike?
a: Ethiopian.

q: How do you study for a prostate exam?
a: By cramming.

q: What do you call a grenade thrown into a restaurant in France?
a: French Toast.

q: What did the body builder say when he ran out of protein powder mix?
a: No whey.

q: Why did Henry VIII fail his classes?
a: Because he lost all his Tudors.

q: Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
a: Neither. The rooster did.

q: Why was the picture acquitted of the charge for murder?
a: Because it was framed. 

q: Which company makes the best apple cider?
a: Dicken's. Because everyone wants their Dicken's Cider.

q: Did you hear about the restaurant on Mars?
a: ....The food was great, but there was no atmosphere.

q: Joke my dad told me: What's black and white and red, and has trouble going through a revolving door?
a: A nun with a javelin through her head

q: Wanna see an ass-trick?
a: Here --> *

q: Have you ever eaten at that Ethiopian restraunt?
a: There portions are like..nothing.

q: How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's House?
a: All right,  all right,  all right..

q: What did the dick say to the condom?
a: Cover me, I'm going in.

q: Why did the chicken get a strike?
a: Because it was a fowl.

q: Why did the spy cross the road?
a: Because he never really was on your side.

q: What is a pigs favorite type of acrobatics?
a: Porkour

q: Why don't Geordies use scales?
a: Because they can weigh things by eye man. 

q: Whats the best part about sex with a pregnant woman?
a: You get a blowjob from the fetus.

q: How do Japanese politicians say they got their positions?
a: With erections.

q: What is the common point between broccoli and anal sex?
a: Kids generally don't enjoy them

q: What happens when a linguist gets sick?
a: Plosive diarrhea

q: In the event of a zombie apocalypse, who's the first to lose his job?
a: a necromancer

q: Why is the letter "B" so cold?
a: Because its between AC...

q: how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
a: ten tickles

q: What's the best part about going to a holocaust museum?
a: Free fap material

q: What does 80 year old pussy smell like?
a: Depends

q: What did the McDonald's addict suddenly realize?
a: ...I'm lovin' shit

q: Where did the pregnant T-Rex go for a check-up?
a: The dinocologist

q: What's the difference between a gun and a wife?
a: You can silence a gun. 

q: What's the difference between Alabama and Mississippi?
a: In Alabama you have sex with your sister. In Mississippi you have sex with your fat sister.... Thought of it this morning and felt like sharing. Cheers

q: How come white girls can only count odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What do Pavlov's dogs call storefront bell-ringers?
a: The Salivation Army. 

q: Why did the Chicken cross the playground?
a: To get to the other  .

q: What do you call 4 lepers in a Jacuzzi?
a: Oatmeal.

q: Did you hear about all the students who are using brake fluid to get high?
a: The teachers aren't too worried about it. The students can stop anytime. 

q: How many Ferguson police does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, they'll just shoot the room for being black. 

q: Why is Peter Pan such a terrible pilot?
a: Because he Neverlands

q: Why did the psychic get fired?
a: Because she didn't see it coming.

q: Have you heard of Bill Cosby's new T.V. show?
a: It's called, "Women say the Dardest things." He denies rape charges for thirty minutes.

q: What's brown and runs around your garden?
a: Your fence.

q: What does Sting have in common with a snitch?
a: They both sang at the police.

q: What's the difference between a barrel rider, and a can of Copenhagen?
a: You can only fit 3 fingers in a can of Copenhagen.

q: What does a 9 volt battery and a girls ass have in common?
a: You know you shouldn't, but you're gonna lick it eventually.

q: Want to hear an Ebola joke?
a: you wont get it...

q: How do dubstep DJs masturbate?
a: They wub one out

q: Why aren't their Mexican Olympics?
a: Because all of the Mexicans that can run,jump,and swim are in America!

q: Why was the computer programmer single?
a: Because he couldn't commit.

q: What movie did Leonardo DiCaprio's dog recently star in?
a: The Woof of Wall Street.

q: why did the pacifist stay away from cows?
a: To avoid unnecessary beef.

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife?
a: Neither has he.

q: Why Can't a Nose be 12 inches long?
a: Because then it would be a foot

q: What is the speed limit for sex?
a: 68 .  Because at 69 you flip over and eat it.

q: How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Don't worry about changing the lightbulb. I'll just sit here in the dark.

q: Did you hear about the crocodile with false teeth?
a: The birds refused to clean them because it was in-denture servitude.

q: What's the definition of a period?
a: A bloody waste of fucking time.

q: What is a paranoid man's favorite food?
a: Who wants to know?

q: Why is gravity so weak?
a: Because it doesn't lift

q: what comes after 69?
a: Mouthwash. funny story behind this I was on a trial for door to door sales, me and the guy who was going to be my manager went into some womans house with her friend too, took the friends address which was 69 and she cracks this out couldnt stop laughing.

q: What's the definition of Eternity?
a: The time between when I come, and you go.

q: Why did the train kill people?
a: It had a loco-motive.

q: How many IT support techs does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: "have you tried turning the light off and back on?"

q: Why is it a bad idea to hunt the US national bird?
a: It's ill-eagle

q: What do dinosaurs put on their pizza?
a: Tomato-saurus

q: What do you call black people in the military?
a: Geurrilla warfare

q: Did you hear about the tragedy today at the All Western Hemisphere Ploughman's Competition?
a: They were just getting the first teams hitched up when things got out of control and 117 people were killed. They say its the deadliest occident on record.

q: Have you met my vegetarian girlfriend?
a: Nah, I've never met herbivore.

q: What's 668?
a: The Neighbor of the Beast.

q: Where does a thumb meet its type?
a: At   oh-my-goodness! ~Skip

q: Why did the college student change his major from Biology to Physics after his first exam?
a: He needed to see if how fast his grade dropped broke any laws of physics.

q: Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage?
a: It was wrong on so many levels.

q: Why did little Dan dropped his ice cream?
a: He was hit by a buss

q: What did Jesus say when he was nailed upon the cross?
a: "Me! That hurts!"

q: whats white with red stripes and crawls slowly over the floor?
a: Freshly whipped masochist!

q: What's the difference between batman and a black man?
a: Batman can go out without robbin

q: What do you call customers at Lidl?
a: Lidl people.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
a: He stayed up all night wondering if there really was a dog.

q: A joke about rehab and people who think they are better than you...and horses?
a: That horse you're on needs to go to rehab, because he is FUCKING HIGH!

q: What do indian mice do when they get scared?
a: They scurry!

q: Why are Dutch people so tall?
a: The short ones drowned in the floods

q: What do you call a joke that makes fun of a woman, who has not consented to be made fun of?
a: ...misogynistic.

q: How can you tell if a Newfoundlander is gay?
a: He eyes the b'ys.

q: What's M. Night Shyamalan's favorite flavor of ice cream?
a: Twist

q: Why was Jimmy sad?
a: Cause Jimmy had a frog stapled to his face.

q: What's the difference between a big penis and a small penis?
a: Nothing until the jobs done.

q: What do you call a black gynecologist?
a: A gynecologist, you racist bastard!

q: What do robots do at the rave?
a: They torque.

q: Why Do Mathematicians Never Go To The Beach?
a: Because they got sin and cos to give them a tan.

q: what do you call a Kentucky farm girl who can run faster than her dad?
a: A Virgin

q: what do you call a blond standing on her head?
a: a brunette with bad breath...

q: Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger?
a: Because he's dead.

q: What do you do if you're attacked by a bunch of Carnies?
a: Go for the Jugular (juggler)!

q: what are pee wee herman's favorite baseball teams?
a: yanks and the expos

q: What do you get when you run over geese?
a: Goose bumps

q: What's the difference between Batman and a black man?
a: Batman can go to a store without robbin'.

q: What's the difference between a cigarette and my exwife?
a: Cigarettes don't scream when they're burning.

q: Girl, do you have a defibrillator?
a: Cause my heart stops everytime I see you

q: How can you tell who's the head nurse at a hospital?
a: It's the one who has knee pads on.

q: (Original) Why should you keep a broken clock?
a: It's just nice having an extra set of hands around. 

q: What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist?
a: One wags it's tail, while the other tags a whale

q: Have you heard of the man that walked all day and only moved two feet?
a: .....That's all he had.

q: What did Charlie Manson get his fiance?
a: A blood diamond... (doh!)

q: How did ISIS become so powerful?
a: They got a head

q: What do you say to a urinating Italian?
a: You're-a-pee'n

q: Why did the programmer's girlfriend move back home so quickly?
a: She returned because all he ever did was split her in the middle for log(n) time.

q: What's under the Pillsbury Doughboy's apron?
a: Doughnuts

q: What is the first thing men newborns do before first breath?
a: Give head to their mom

q: What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin?
a: Countdown This was a joke I heard on TV some time ago ... Thought it was worth a share.

q: Did you here about that concert where the frontman flung his crap into the crowd?
a: The shit reeeeeeally hit the fan

q: What's the capital of Wisconsin?
a: W

q: How does a French lady hold her liquor?
a: By the ears

q: Why wouldn't the skeleton go diving?
a: He didn't have the guts for it.

q: What did the parents say to the Rabbi after the circumcision?
a: Keep the tip.... Note: I have a hard time believing I'm the first person to think of this but I did think of it on my own, even if it has already been done.

q: Why did the Computer Engineer retire young?
a: He had a lot of cache.

q: What has the Middle East and Kim Kardashian's ass got in common?
a: Both are massive, have oil and have been invaded by the west.

q: What's the fastest path to the top?
a: The sociopath.

q: Why Don't Lobsters Share?
a: Because they're shellfish.

q: What do you call an elevator with a group of slim, softly spoken, intelligent people inside?
a: A Lift (only a joke, my American friends)

q: Have you heard about the midget psychic who broke out of jail?
a: He's a small medium at large!

q: Want to know how I escaped Iraq?
a: Iran.

q: What did the Frenchman say when he saw a dirty toilet?
a: Eau de Toilette! (eww, the toilet)

q: Why are Americans scared of roundabouts?
a: Centrifugal force scales with mass

q: Why doesn't the deaf have sex?
a: They haven't heard about it.

q: Why did the man get sent to jail?
a: Black male

q: What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
a: Sametime next month? I heard this jome a while back. Sorry if its a repost

q: Do you know what the last result of the World Cup was?
a: Spain - 8 Ethiopia - didn't

q: What does a mother use to keep her childrens' toenails soft and smooth?
a: A pedi-file

q: What's the difference between a hockey player and a feminist hippie chick?
a: A hockey player will take a shower after three periods. 

q: So, how do you like your job as an elevator repairman?
a: Meh, it has its ups and downs 

q: What is a cannibal's favourite treat?
a: A kid kat. (My 9 year old son made this up.)

q: Did you hear about Russia's preservation new project?
a: The Crimea River

q: What kind of sound does a whorn make?
a: A prostitoot.

q: What are the rough parts of Italy called?
a: The spaghetto.

q: Damn girl are you sitting on a F5 key?
a: Cos' that ass is refreshing

q: Did you hear about the new transgender operation?
a: It's called a strapadictomy

q: How many Patriots fans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. They're fine sucking each other's dicks in the dark. Preemptive edit: Not my joke.

q: Who won the Tour de France in 1940?
a: the Sixth German Panzer Division

q: What do you get when two giraffes collide?
a: a giraffic jam!

q: Out of?
a: Mom (about her son): Look at these marks Jim has scored... 8.. 10... 7..  Dad: Out of?  Mom: Out of pity!

q: What's 12 inches long and white?
a: Nothing.

q: Why doesn't men use make-up or perfume?
a: Because we're beautiful and smell good!

q: What do dark humour and food have in common?
a: Only some people get it.

q: Why does wonder woman fly?
a: Because she can't drive for sh*t.

q: How do you kill a vampire dinosaur?
a: You stakeasaurus.

q: What's red and black and scares women worldwide?
a: Me in my red and black rape cape.

q: R niggers 2 gay 4 u?
a: R niggers 2 gay 4 u? How many jews can you fit in a volswagnon?  2 in the front,2 in the bak, and none in the ashtray because the holocaust didn't happen,

q: Have I ever taught you South american Judo?
a: Judo know if I have a knife, Judo know if I got a gun.

q: You got some jokes?
a: What are some good jokes you know? I would prefer ones that aren't too raunchy. 

q: What's the toughest type of pie?
a: Punkin pie

q: Why did the Dictator ban Soda?
a: Because there couldnt be 2-liters.

q: Why were the witch and wizard always kissing each other's necks?
a: Because they were neckromancers

q: Have you heard of the book about airplane factories?
a: It's riveting.

q: TIL That Oscar Pistorius once opened a pizza parlor only to have it fail and go bankrupt. The cause?
a: His car was always breaking down, so OP never delivered. 

q: Did you meet the guy who masturbated on the toilet?
a: He came and went. 

q: What do you call a semi truck owned by an Italian?
a: That rig a Tonys.

q: What's the cheapest cut of meat?
a: Deer nuts: they're under a buck.

q: Why did the English major break up with the pilot?
a: Because the pilot kept ending sentences with a preposition, over.

q: What did Barack Obama say when he dropped his shell at the beach?
a: Oh no Michelle !

q: Did you hear about the cannibal Bob Marley?
a: He shit the sheriff (but he did not shit the deputy).

q: What do 9/10 people love?
a: Gangrape.

q: Why was the man with size four shoes turned away from Mount Everest?
a: Because climbing Mount Everest is no small feat

q: Why couldn't Jango wear Boba's helmet?
a: It didn't Fett.

q: Why do dogs lick their balls?
a: Because they can.  

q: Did you hear about the two gay Irishmen?
a: Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.

q: What does it mean when a lion roars?
a: Shut up. The movie is about to start.

q: What do you call it when two robots have sex?
a: Automating. 

q: What would Marilyn Monroe be doing if she were alive today?
a: Clawing at the inside of her coffin.

q: What did one testicle ask the other testicle?
a: Why do we have to hang? Dick did the shooting!

q: Which chocolate stops dogs hair falling out?
a: Malteasers

q: What would Gregor Mendel pray for if he had a blender for his experiments?
a: Whirled Peas

q: What is the difference between oral and anal thermometers?
a: the taste.

q: Where do you find a dog with no arms and no legs?
a: Right where you left him. 

q: How many kids does a sterile German have?
a: Nein.

q: What is the difference between a joke and sex?
a: A forced joke can still be somewhat humerous.

q: What do you call a female dog with a pH over 7?
a: A basic bitch.

q: What do you call a Mexican Midget?
a: A paragraph,  because he's too short to be an essay.

q: why wasn't jesus born in mexico?
a: couldnt find 3 wise men and a virgin...

q: Did you hear the one where the Scotsman gave his son some money?
a: Neither did I.

q: What's Hitler's favorite weather?
a: Heil

q: What do you call a sink that doesn't work?
a: A faux-cet.

q: whats the difference between a jew and a pizza?
a: pizzas dont scream when they get put in the oven.

q: What can an elevator do that a black man can't?
a: Raise a family.

q: What did the blonde say when she saw a banana peel?
a: aw shit imma fall again

q: Why did the riot police show up early to the protest?
a: They wanted to beat the crowd. 

q: Why do men stare at a woman's breasts?
a: To prove they can focus on two things at once. 

q: What is the favourite meal of pakistani taliban members?
a: Tikka Malala

q: Who Makes More Money, A Prostitute Or A Drug Dealer?
a: A prostitute.  Because a prostitute can always wash her crack and resell it.

q: Hey, did you hear about the road paver who got fired?
a: He couldn't even.

q: What kind of grass do cows like most?
a: It's a moot point!

q: What do a Marionette User and Tampon Thief have in common?
a: They both pull strings for work. (Inspired by Bo Burnham, this popped into my head the other day) 

q: Who did Chris Brown mistook Rihanna for?
a: Britney Spears

q: What's your favorite thing about earth?
a: It's just got such a great atmosphere.

q: What's the best thing about a woman?
a: She doesn't have a dick! I'm so, so sorry.

q: What does a guy think in the middle of a blowjob?
a: Fuck i'm broke.

q: Want to hear another Ebola joke?
a: Never mind, you wouldn't get it anyways 

q: Why does it smell so bad in Russia?
a: Everybody loves Putin!

q: Did you hear about the group Italians joining ISIS?
a: They are calling themselves the Italian ISIS.

q: How do you find out what's in an e-cigarette?
a: Just ask someone not to smoke it next to you. 

q: What would happen if for one day nobody could make calls with their cellphone in the United States?
a: Literally nothing, because nobody fucking ever answers their phone to begin with.

q: Does anybody know whats heart does?
a: Beats me

q: Where do you hide an airport?
a: IN PLANE SIGHT!

q: What happened to the cant when it ate a ball of wool?
a: What happened to the cat when it ate a ball of wool? It had mittens

q: Good Music Jokes?
a: I want to see what the community can come up with.

q: What do you call a wrongly accused art thief?
a: Framed

q: Does anyone know what would happen if the earth rotated 30 times faster than it does today?
a: We would get paid every day, and all women would bleed to death.

q: What do you call an imam that owns a goat and a camel?
a: Bisexual.

q: What's the difference between John Kenndy Jr. and Ted Kennedy?
a: Ted can swim away from an accident.

q: What do you call a fat man in a white t-shirt?
a: A Man-in-a-tee.

q: Why were there no feminists in Communist China?
a: Because everyone had equal rice. 

q: What do Africans eat for lunch?
a: Ebola soup

q: Has Kim Kardashian Broken The Internet?
a: I'm not sure if Kim Kardashian has actually managed to 'break the internet', but she's certainly put a big crack in it!

q: Hadron collider?
a: I hardly know her!

q: You know what's nuts?
a: My balls!

q: Who is the original Kardashian?
a: Saint Christopher

q: What's an empty suit of armor doing on the drivers side of a car?
a: He went out for the knight. OK I'll leave now

q: How many second violinists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They can't get up that high! 

q: Why isn't Hitler invited to the barbecue?
a: Because he always burns the franks

q: What do Winnie the Pooh and Attila the Hun have in common?
a: The same middle name.

q: Why is craving karma points ironic?
a: Because it's pointless.

q: What do you call a rich man's white tank top?
a: A trophy wife beater.

q: If Philae finds an inhabitant on the comet what would be its first words?
a: I'm a Comedian           

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person?
a: None

q: What's that there?
a: got you

q: What do you call the facility where they make lower quality, but still acceptable, goods?
a: The satisfactory.

q: Where do bees go to the bathroom?
a: The BP station.

q: What's green and comes out of your nose at 160mph?
a: A lambo-greenie!

q: In the 90's did the backstreet boys have a cafeteria?
a: I mean a bacteria.Thank you ladies and germs.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who cloned himself to see what he would taste like?
a: It made him shit himself.

q: What did one doctor say to the other doctor?
a: "We're both doctors"

q: What do you call snacks served at a brothel?
a: whore d'oeuvres

q: What's that again?
a: A man was telling his neighbor, 'I just bought a new hearing aid. It cost me four thousand dollars, but it's state of the art. It's perfect.'  'Really,' answered the neighbor. 'What kind is it?'  'Twelve thirty.' 

q: What diagnosis did the veterinarian give to the dog with the funny walk?
a: The dog has cerebral pawlsy.

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?
a: Great big holes all over australia

q: What did the busy tailor say to the Scarecrow who needed some mending?
a: I can't find the twine.

q: What did the slutty DNA say to the other DNA?
a: Unzip your genes.

q: How is the elevator business?
a: Oh, it has its up and downs...

q: What did the bald man say when he got a comb as a gift?
a: I'll never part with this!

q: How many WoW devs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Doesn't matter. They'll just nerf darkness next patch instead.

q: What did Jesus say to the Eskimos?
a: Many are cold, but few are frozen.

q: Two gay men and two lesbian are in a race, who wins?
a: The lesbian because they get off lickety-split, the guys have to stop and pack their shit.  Disclaimer: heard this when I was like 10, I am now 28. I hope this isn't a repost. 

q: Why can't you have sex with a nun?
a: Jesus already saved her for later.

q: What did Captain Picard call his poop?
a: Captain's log

q: what did the leper say to the prostitute?
a: You can keep the tip.

q: Did you know that 50% of asian businessmen have cataracts?
a: The other half have BMW's.

q: What is the theory behind Brownian motion of sperms?
a: It's testicle physics.

q: What's an owl's favourite pin code?
a: 2820!!!!!!!!

q: The difference between dates and prunes?
a: You don't get laid after prunes  (Courtesy of my date last night after I asked her this question seriously)

q: Who's Zombies greatest enemy?
a: Necrophiliacs

q: How does Carrot Top have sex?
a: Gingerly.

q: What do you call a lesbian who also doesn't eat meat?
a: A vagetarian.

q: What do you call a sugary werewolf?
a: a glycan

q: What do you call a British dinosaur?
a: A tea rex.

q: What's a bananas favourite business to own?
a: A peel-estate business

q: Why can't you tell puns to a kleptomaniac?
a: because they take everything literally (p.s. you can steal this joke if you want)

q: Do you know how to tell when your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: When she fits in your wife's clothing.

q: What did Putin say after he sent his troops to Ukraine?
a: Crimea river! (I just came up with this shitty joke when I heard some guy on the news pronounce it cry-me-a, I always pronounce it as Crimea like crib. Sorry, I'll let myself out now)

q: Why was Hitler diagnosed with blindness?
a: Because he could nazi anyone. 

q: While escaping from the police, what did one bug say to the other?
a: You butterfly!

q: Why did the mission control operator tell the astronauts not to eat any food?
a: She saw some off-nom telemetry.

q: Why did hitler kill himself?
a: Because he saw his gas bill

q: How many feninists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. Because feminists can't change anything. 

q: What is the difference between your dog and your girlfriend?
a: You can get your dog to come.

q: Why is it so cold in San Francisco?
a: Giant fans.

q: What's two holes in a hole ?
a: My nose up your ass.

q: What did Nicki Minaj, Hitler and a Feminist say when they walked into a bar?
a: Ouch.

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Detroit?
a: Because God couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.

q: What did the slutty girl buy at the furniture store?
a: One nightstand.

q: What do you get when a horse's food comes to know Jesus?
a: Christian Bale

q: What is the longest word?
a: Smiles... It has a mile between the two 'S's 

q: How do you know the universe likes Saturn?
a: It put a ring on it.

q: What did the Alligator say to the turtle?
a: Can I bayou a drink?

q: How do blind people know where to find Braille signs on walls and doors?
a: They just have a feel for that kind of thing.

q: Did you hear about the new Arnold Schwarzenegger movie?
a: No?    It takes place in Japan near the Toyota Headquarters.  He must save Toyota from poor builds, quality assurance and defective vehicles.   Arnold Schwarzenegger stars in...  'Toyota Recall'

q: Why was Homer Simpson in such a rush to get to the Kwik-E-Mart?
a: He desperately needed Apu.

q: Why do Italians carry slices of turd in their wallets?
a: For identification.

q: How many dull people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One

q: Why are there no awards for excellence in betas?
a: Because no one wants to be the master beta tester.

q: What did the blonde Buddhist say when she finished her 88th prayer?
a: "I literally chant even..."

q: What is your best orphan/dark joke?
a: This will hopefully be sfw but my have strong words.

q: Why do old men need Viagra?
a: Because they are screwing old women!

q: What do you call 2 Chainz when he gets fat?
a: 2 Chinz

q: What's the most casual crime you can commit?
a: Shooting the breeze. 

q: A riddle or a joke? You are at a party with over 100 people, how can you tell which one is a pilot?
a: He'll tell you.

q: How are bears related to cooking?
a: The pan... duh

q: What did the fisherman say to the fisherwoman?
a: Your place or mine

q: How do Africans carry Ebola?
a: In large baskets balanced on top of their heads.

q: What did Bill Cosby say in response to his rape allegations?
a: Kids say the darndest things.

q: What did Goku say when he heard his wife listening to the song, "Fancy"?
a: Aye, Chi-Chi, Why?

q: Hey, you wanna hear a joke?
a: Ya, so do I.

q: What do you call a comedian who couldn't make it?
a: Pun intended.

q: What did the two lesbian vampires say to each other?
a: Same time next month?

q: How many choir directors does it take to change a light bulb?
a: No one knows. No one ever watches the choir director.

q: What do programmers and obese people have in common?
a: They both call an 8-course meal a bite.

q: What do you call it when a prostitute makes paper birds?
a: Whore-igami

q: How did Hitler achieve 99 firemaking?
a: He burned yews.

q: Did you hear about that nightclub for birds?
a: Was Rave'n

q: What does Bill Clinton say when he is having anal sex with Hillary Clinton?
a: I'm fucking Hillary-ass (hilarious)

q: What did the farmer tell the hoe?
a: Let's get dirty.

q: Where do pencils come from ?
a: Pennsylvania

q: What did the mathematician say to the lumberjack drummer?
a: I really like your logger rhythm! 

q: How do you kill a book?
a: You break its spine.

q: why did the hipster burn his mouth drinking coffee?
a: he drank it before it was cool. 

q: Did you hear about the guy who went for the world fapping record?
a: He almost pulled it off.

q: Did you hear about the midget Scotsman who does avant garde strip tease?
a: He's a little off kilter. 

q: What do you call a Pokemon with a STD?
a: Vulvasoar

q: Why does AMD call having 2 or more cards Crossfire?
a: Because no matter what card you cross, and how many, you're bound to start a fire.

q: why Jewish men get circumcised?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off. Got this joke from   

q: Why people don't offer chair to Sean Connery when he comes?
a: Because he shits on it.

q: Does a cow have the Buddha-nature?
a: Mu.

q: What happens if you cut off your left hand?
a: You would be all right.

q: Why was the guy with the foot fetish in a bad neighborhood?
a: Because he heard it was the place to get toes.

q: What do you call the surgical procedure for a female to male sex change?
a: An Addadicktome.

q: Did anyone hear about the new music genre created by the VP in the clinton administration?
a: The general idea is that the end of each song is determined by a combination of the beginning of that song and the subsequent bars taken to reach the end. It's called 'al-gore-rhythm'. 

q: What do you call it when a broke person makes a sex tape?
a: A Poorno.

q: Why Latvian man did cross road?
a: Man have no chicken. All animals are die in famine. Man cross to look for potato. No potato.

q: What do you get when you cast Michael J. Fox as Walter White?
a: Shaking Bad.

q: What do you call a country run by a bunch of stubborn old deer?
a: A stagnation

q: What did Hitler say when 7 ate 9?
a: NEINNN!!

q: Why did the doorman get a raise?
a: He was always out standing.

q: What did Samsung say after Apple came out of the closet?
a: But I'm gayer and water resistant!

q: What is Bruce Lees favorite drink?
a: Wataaaaah!

q: When's the best time to go skydiving?
a: Fall.

q: Did you hear about the man who was using apples and oranges for flooring?
a: He started to lay them down when he realized it was fruit-tile.

q: What do you call the spaces between the bits on a comb?
a: Hair-vents.

q: What's the difference between Jewish people and Harry Potter?
a: Harry can survive the Chamber.

q: What do you call a man in the ocean with no arms or legs?
a: Bob.

q: What's the difference between a coyote and a flea?
a: One howls on the prairie; the other prowls on the hairy.

q: What's a waste of time, wrapped up and is regular near Christmas?
a: Shitty Christmas Jokes

q: What's it called when a cow kills itself?
a: Mooicide ...Okay, fine, I'll leave...

q: How are a homosexual and a tumbleweed alike?
a: They keep blowing and blowing until they end up on a fence in Wyoming.

q: Where do cats go after death?
a: Purrgatory

q: What do you call a sleepy relative of a paper towel?
a: A napkin.

q: Did you hear about the surgeon that got sacked for having sex with his patients?
a: It's a shame really. He was a damn good vet. 

q: What does a Russian woman say to stop her husband from abusing her?
a: Vladislov, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more... I'm sorry..

q: What's the difference between a northern fairy tale and a southern fairy tale?
a: Northern fairy tails start with, "Once upon a time," and Southern fairy tales start with "Ya'll ain't gonna believe this shit."

q: How did Mark Zuckerberg meet Miley Cyrus?
a: Social net twerking

q: What do you call a spitting vampire?
a: Spatula.

q: What's the award for being the world's best dentist?
a: A little plaque.

q: What do you call a Mexican without his car?
a: Carlos

q: Am I the only one that sees the irony?
a: In a Christian calling Scientology crazy?

q: What's the worst part about being black and Jewish?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What did the humanistic psychologist say at Freud's funeral?
a: He died at such a Jung age.

q: Did you hear about the vulture that became a priest?
a: He's a bird of pray.

q: What's the only animal that can't get hit in the head?
a: Duck.

q: Why do black men make such good husbands?
a: Because they're already used to being whipped.

q: How do you tell which truck is the mail truck?
a: It has huge balls on it. Credit goes to the 70 year old man who just came into my work and made my day.

q: Why are toilet tasks called ONE and TWO?
a: Because TWO rhymes with POO

q: Which do Catholic priests like betterapples or cherries?
a: Neitherthey prefer boysenberries.

q: How many handicapped guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Just one if it's Professor X.

q: Why does California have more lawyers and New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps?
a: New Jersey got to choose first

q: What does a Mexican cut a pizza with?
a: Little ceasars!!! (Scissors)

q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?
a: An irrelephant.

q: Did yall see the Ebola donation thing that popped up on Face Book the other day?
a: I clicked not now, because I thought it was some kind of virus.

q: What do you call a pickled female deer?
a: A dilldoe.

q: What do you call 24 carrots?
a: Edible gold.

q: Did you hear about the dolphin who went thru a existential crisis?
a: Turns out, he lost his sense of porpoise. 

q: How does a butcher introduce his wife to his friends?
a: "Meet Patty"

q: What kind of photograph does Arnold Schwarzenegger take?
a: Polaroids.

q: Where do fortune tellers keep the fortunes?
a: Crystal balls deep made this up.

q: Why don't women wear skirts during winter?
a: They'll get chapped lips!

q: where did the lone ranger take his trash to?
a: to the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump.

q: What part of the computer the astronaut likes the most?
a: A space bar.

q: What do Swedish people put in their coffee?
a: Artifical Swedeners

q: What do you call a disabled cub scout?
a: A nub scout. 

q: What's difference between dollars and Jews?
a: I'd give a shit if I lost 6 million dollars.

q: Did you hear about the two car pile up in Mexico?
a: 200 people died.

q: What do you call Batman when he leaves Church early?
a: Christian Bale

q: Two "is/does yo mama" jokes from the last century?
a: 1. Is yo momma a bread saleslady? No, why you ask?  Cause this morning she was leanin' out the window yelling "Pumpanickel, Pumpanickel". 2. Do you have a brother named Humphrey? No, why you ask? Cause this mornin yo momma was leanin' out the window yelling "Hump freee, Hump free".

q: What's worst than finding a worm in an apple?
a: The holocaust

q: Any one wanna hear a funny joke?
a: What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat?

q: How to turn a dishwasher into a snow blower?
a: Give the bitch a shovel

q: Why did Sally fall out of the swing?
a: She had no arms. Knock knock. Who's there? Not Sally.

q: Why were the two homosexual melons protesting at city hall?
a: Because they cantaloupe

q: how did the art student make a million dollar work of art?
a: He started with 2 million.

q: How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house?
a: A right a right a right

q: What does a burnt pizza and a pregnant girl have in common?
a: Someone that didn't take it out in time.

q: What does the earth eat for breakfast?
a: Continental breakfast, served on tectonic plates.

q: What colour socks does a bear wear?
a: They don't they have "bare" feet.

q: What does Edgar Allen Poe call his women?
a: Edgar Allen's......bitches!!!

q: What do you call a woman who misses her period?
a: Fucked

q: Why do British prostitutes always carry Vaseline?
a: Because their lips have so many chaps on them!

q: What's better than tennis?
a: Elevenis

q: What is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts?
a: Beer nuts are a dollar twenty five, deer nuts are under a buck

q: What's worse than two babies in a dumpster?
a: A baby in two dumpsters.

q: What's the American settler's spirit animal?
a: The groundhog. 

q: Why did all the potato chips but one jump off the cliff?
a: He was a Wise Potato Chip.

q: What's 9 inches long, pink, and makes my girlfriend scream when I put it in her mouth?
a: Her miscarriage.

q: What's the difference between a cow who makes regular milk and a cow who makes chocolate milk?
a: A mootation 

q: Why does lanolin oil smell exactly like cow semen?
a: don't ask me!

q: Did you hear about the girl that went fishing with the three guys?
a: She came back with a red snapper.

q: What did one computer say to the other?
a: Error 404 joke not found.

q: So, hows your DNS lookup up?
a: Yet again, I am very sorry.

q: Did you know there's a new sub for disputes?
a: I'll show meself out.

q: Why did the man cross the road?
a: Because his dick was in the chicken! 

q: What do you call a Mexican pervert?
a: A pedrophile

q: What do gay men and Xbox's have in common?
a: They both get red rings when they're fucked.

q: How do you get 100 babies into a phone booth?
a: with a blender. how do you get them out? with a straw.

q: What do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy?
a: A nice tight seal

q: Why is Forrest Gump as a young boy without his leg braces like a Samurai without a master?
a: Because everywhere he went, he was Ronin! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll see myself out...

q: Did you hear about the string of bank robberies committed by a guy dressed up like Jesus?
a: The cops finally nailed him.

q: How are books like dogs?
a: The good ones are hard to put down

q: What did the conformist say to the Guru?
a: You make me Sikh!

q: What do you call a love story between resistance and energy?
a: Omhmeo and Jouleiet

q: What do you call a German physician who specializes in the epidermis of the scalp?
a: Herr Doctor.

q: Why do presidents have unsatisfied wives?
a: It takes four years to get an election.

q: Where does the vampire deposit his savings?
a: In the blood bank. And why did he like to deposit his savings there? Because everyone there helped increase his savings.

q: Where does the vampire sail?
a: In the bloodstream.

q: What do Jesus Christ and Male Porn-stars have in common?
a: They both take their sweet time before the second coming. 

q: What would you rather have Parkinson's or Alzheimer's?
a: At least with Parkinson's you have half a pint.

q: Where did all the Sephardic Jews go?
a: I dunno, you'll have to Ashkenazi

q: What do Japanese emperors and rappers have in common?
a: They're both wondering where their ninjas are at.

q: Have you heard the one about the constipated mathematician?
a: ... he worked it out with a pencil.

q: Did you hear about the shooting with the starting pistol?
a: It was race related

q: What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery guy have in common?
a: They can both smell it but they can't eat it.

q: Did you hear about the new chemical that turns lesbians straight?
a: Trycoxide is showing staggering results!

q: What's the worst way to tell a guy his small penis is okay?
a: Oh honey, I'm not worried about a little thing like that!

q: What do you call it when a fish fucks his sister?
a: Fincest. (This joke is shitty, I know, but I couldn't resist posting it.)

q: What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice?
a: polar-oids

q: What kind of container is appropriate for noble gases?
a: An innertube.

q: What do you get when you cross 10 sodium particles with the Dark Knight?
a: Nananananananananana BATMAN!

q: Have you seen that movie Constipated?
a: It hasn't come out yet.

q: What did the scientist say before he died by mixing Hydroxide and Nitrate?
a: "OH  NO  !"

q: How is a Jew like a new pair of eyeglasses?
a: They're both tight in the temples.

q: Did you all hear about this morning after pill?
a: Or what I like to call breakfast in bed.

q: Why are ghosts bad liars?
a: You can see right through them.

q: How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas?
a: He felt his presents

q: Why are Wayne and Garth banned from playgrounds?
a: They hog the Schwing set.

q: How do you get a Ford recalled?
a: Wait.

q: What is the scientific measurement for moistness?
a: Digits...

q: What do an anorexic person and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common?
a: They both gotta go fast.

q: What do you call the death of the Trilobites?
a: An Epoch fail!

q: How do mob boss mules open doors?
a: With Don-keys.

q: What did the "O" call the Zero?
a: Weirdo!

q: What did one pile of burning wood say to the other?
a: Is it getting hot in here or is it just me?

q: Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat?
a: 'cause if they fell forward, they'd still be in the Fuckin' boat! I'll show myself out.

q: Why is Darth Vader so famous?
a: He was the first black man to admit he is the father.

q: How far could you see if you had a 12" dick growing out of your forehead?
a: You couldn't, your balls would be in your eyes. (thanks to my 11th grade math teacher for this joke, I've been telling it for 17 years)

q: What do you call a really fast seamstress?
a: Tailor Swift

q: Who is the most popular guy at a nudist colony?
a: The one who can bring his friends two cups of coffee and a dozen donuts. 

q: How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb?
a: It only takes one, but we weren't able to get the work done in 1 term because we inherited a really bad situation from the prior administration.

q: How are sex and pizza similar?
a: If you get it from someone in a Chuck E. Cheese's it's never very good. 

q: Why is owning a Prius difficult?
a: It's hard to drive when you're patting yourself on the back all the time. 

q: Why do Jews hate water?
a: Because the last one that stepped into a shower got bad gas. 

q: Whats an African dad joke?
a: Hi starving!  I'm dad!

q: Why was the bullet train behind schedule?
a: Because it had a bad conductor.

q: What happens when the president of the United States has to use the bathroom?
a: The state of alert in the White House rises to Defecate 2. 

q: Why are dog boners so classy?
a: Because their pinkie is out

q: You know what a Freudian slip is?
a: It's where you say one thing and fuck your mother.

q: What do you call the illegitimate son of a man with a big face?
a: A cheeky bastard.

q: Wanna hear a good dick joke?
a: ...hold on, it's coming. 

q: What did Anna Freud let her underwear show?
a: It was a Freudian slip

q: How many eskimos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. Obviously.

q: How does one become an Astronaut?
a: Dip your anus in nutella. Hahahahaha :')   

q: What is the premier dish in Israeli-Japanese cuisine?
a: Jewshi

q: Why are the British known for keeping a stiff upper lip?
a: Because it hides their teeth.

q: How can you tell if a woman is faking an orgasm?
a: Who cares

q: Did you hear about the gangster panda?
a: It eats shoots and leaves. 

q: What did Truman Burbank's father say to him?
a: Don't you worry don't you worry child,  Seahaven's got a plan for you

q: Why Do Giraffes Have Such Long Necks?
a: So they can reach their head!

q: What do you call allergy season without any Kleenexes?
a: A tissue

q: Why did the skeleton go to the movies alone?
a: He didn't have any body to go with him.

q: What does a guy drink when he wants to go out with a girl?
a: DATERADE

q: What did the mayonnaise say to the man opening the fridge door?
a: "Don't look. I'm dressing."

q: A black woman has 5 children, all named Tyrone. How does she tell them apart?
a: Their last names.

q: Why didn't The African go to the classical music event?
a: He was a baroque ass'  negro

q: What did the Nazi say to the clock that only went: "tick ____ tick ____ tick ____" ?
a: "Ve have Vays of making you tock!"

q: Hey baby are you a unbalanced equation?
a: Because I think I need more of U! Edit 1: Also sorry for the bad grammar in the title sadly I cannot change it...

q: Why do people say amen instead of awomen at church?
a: Because they sing hymns, not hers.

q: Want to hear a joke about ebola?
a: You probably won't get it.

q: Why don't taxi drivers talk to each other?
a: They already know everything.

q: How many Catholics does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Don't know, the pope hasn't said yet.  How many Lutherans does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, Lutherans don't change.

q: Whats the most popular breakfast food in Africa?
a: Ebola cereal!

q: What did Batman say to Robin before they hop on the Batmobile?
a: "To the Batmobile!"

q: What do you call a sad suicidal bird?
a: A Robin Williams.

q: What do you call a black man when he is sitting in the cockpit controlling an airplane?
a: A pilot you racist!

q: You know why I want to call you Yoda?
a: Because yoda best thing I've seen all day

q: How do Emo kids reward themselves?
a: Gold Scars. I'll see myself out.

q: What do Brooklyn and tight jeans have in common?
a: Flatbush. 

q: What did the polite bacteria say to the mouth?
a: GingINVITEus in!

q: Whats the most common breakfast in Africa?
a: Ebola cereal! 

q: Did you hear about the new Christian online video game?
a: It's pretty good, but it's pray2win.

q: Do you know how long it's been since I've had an erection?
a: About 8 inches.

q: How did the scottsman find the sheep in the tall grass?
a: Very pleasurable.

q: What do you have when life gives you melons?
a: Dyslexia.

q: Do you like to draw?
a: Because I put the D in raw

q: Who was the first Mexican to be knighted by the Queen?
a: Sir Veza

q: How do historians know that Joseph wasn't Jesus' dad?
a: Because when you're a carpenter in the desert you can't get wood.

q: What's the difference between juice and cider?
a: I can't go deep in juice.

q: Whats the most obvious feature shared by a leprechaun and a sober Irishman?
a: Neither exist.

q: What's the best part of divorce?
a: Two Kwanzaas 

q: What's the #1 horror movie in the far east ?
a: The Sirens of the Rams.

q: Where did Jewish Rats go during the Holocaust?
a: Mousechwitz

q: Why don't people like to play uno with Mexicans?
a: Because they always steal the green cards....

q: why did they invent white chocolate?
a: so black kids can make a mess too...

q: Why was the criminal's argumentative essay so good?
a: He had some outstanding warrants. 

q: How did the Neanderthal dad teach his son how to wear underwear?
a: Color coded: "Yellow in front, brown in the back"

q: What do you call a used rubber in a church parking lot?
a: Family practice 

q: What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
a: Age

q: What's the difference between Navy SEAL training and Boy Scout camp?
a: (read aloud) One is six months of hell with a team of your closest brothers, getting screamed at, and pushing your body to its absolute limits. The other is just fucking intense.

q: How does a gay male take off his condom?
a: He farts.

q: What do you call a corn cob on a track team?
a: A maize runner. Credit goes to my girlfriend.

q: Anyone wanna buy any budgies?
a: I've got two round the house going cheep!  

q: What do you call a piece of pasta that doesn't have any friends?
a: Cannelonely!

q: What kind of bees make milk instead of honey?
a: Boobies

q: Anyone got a clean, long joke?
a: I need a clean, funny and long joke that lasts for around 2 minutes. Thanks reddit!

q: What's difference between good weed and good pussy?
a: You can smell the weed from across the room.

q: What do you call a cunt squared?
a: A box.

q: Why was the mushroom a hit at parties?
a: Because he was a   

q: What do you call it when cosine plays?
a: Cos(play)

q: What is worse than a dead baby in a garbage bag?
a: A dead baby in two garbage bags.

q: What do you call a hippie with a business major?
a: A Hippie-crite.

q: How do you know when your gf is getting fat?
a: When she fits into your wifes clothes

q: What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice cream?
a: Sure, Bert!

q: How do you know your GF is getting fat?
a: She starts fitting in your wife's clothes...

q: What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of co-ordination?
a: HAAAANNNNNNNDDDDDDDDD EYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!

q: What do you call an autistic kid that accidentally ate a pot brownie?
a: A baked potato. 

q: What is my ex girlfriend's favorite hands on day in math class?
a: Manipulatives.  god i'm so lonely

q: Whats another name for google glass?
a: Dome Chrome.

q: What do you call a redneck with two sheep?
a: A Pimp

q: What do you get if you steamroll a crab and a Korean at the same time?
a: A crustacean :D :D

q: What's the shittiest day of the week?
a: Saturday

q: Where does Sean Connery shit?
a: On the couch!

q: Did you hear about the new nightclub that opened called "Erectile Dysfunction"?
a: No?  I'm not surprised; it was a complete flop.  Nobody came. 

q: How do you stop a nigger from raping a girl?
a: Throw him a basketball

q: Q:How do you tell the time in Antarctica?
a: A:I don't know,Alaska guy and tell you

q: Why ebola medicine doesn't work in Africa?
a: Because it can't be taken on empty stomach

q: What do you call?
a: What do you call a donkey with three legs?? A wonkey!!

q: Why do I like sweet potatoes?
a: Cuz they're yammy!!!

q: What do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl??
a: My ass.

q: Why are astrophysicists always nervous before they launch a new satellite?
a: It can be a very Hubble-ing experience. These jokes may not be funny for you, but they are Fermi.

q: How many dead babies can you fit in a phone booth?
a: 78.5

q: How does a fetus like it's amniotic fluid?
a: At womb temperature!

q: Why do we say dogs are man's best friend? Why not say dogs are man's and woman's best friend?
a: Because diamonds are a woman's best friend.

q: Why did lawyers support the bill to legalize gay marriage?
a: To protect the sanctity of the word "partner." [I thought this one up with my mom the other day.  Please help me refine it into something tell-able!]

q: What is the poo from a fish with no dad called?
a: bassturd

q: Why can't Casper have kids?
a: Cause he has a Halloweenie

q: What was the black guys reaction to the 3/5ths compromise?
a: I can't even

q: How do ghosts like their chicken cooked?
a: Terri-fried!

q: Why can't a ghost get anyone pregnant?
a: Because he has a hollow-weenie

q: Why did the Vampire's girlfriend break up with him?
a: Because he was pain in the neck!

q: What grows on Seasame Street?
a: I dunno, a Grover something.

q: What do you call a bad hairdresser who is also very expensive?
a: A rip-off.

q: Why do people say love is like chemistry?
a: Because you can put it in someones drink 

q: What did one tonsil say to the other?
a: Get dressed a doctor is taking us out to night.

q: What is the similarity between poop and aliens?
a: They both live on Uranus

q: What is an apt gift for a female porn star that collects vintage comic books?
a: An issue of 

q: Why do we carve pumpkins for Halloween?
a: Because they're less bloody.

q: How do you tell a domesticated cat from a wild one?
a: The domesticated doesnt have balls

q: HALLOWEEN JOKE: Why don't witches ever have babies?
a: Because warlocks have hollow weenies!

q: Why can't ghosts have sex?
a: Because they have Halloweenies

q: Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants?
a: In case he got a hole in one.

q: What is the rapper's favorite bread?
a: 2 Grainz

q: What's the biggest difference between a crayon and your ex?
a: The crayon is non-toxic!

q: Whats the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?
a: SNOWBALLS!!!!

q: Can someone tell me that Johnny go deeper joke from 15 years ago?
a: I was in middle school and can't remember it completely. 

q: Want to read my favorite dirty Jewish word?
a: splurge

q: Did you hear about the guy who had sex with his car?
a: Apparently he was pretty Exhausted....  <.<      .>.>      I'll show myself out -.-

q: Have I told you about my vacation to Oklahoma?
a: It went fucking horribly.

q: What's the difference between a kidney bean and a chickpea?
a: I wouldn't pay $100 to have a kidney bean on my face.

q: What's another name for a "penis potato"?
a: A dictator.

q: How much is the bare minimum?
a: 1 bear.

q: Why are women so odd?
a: Because they can't even. Huh huh?

q: How do you tell a joke about ISIS?
a: It's all about the execution

q: Guys, I think I just came up with a new joke! Why don't they drill holes in golf clubs?
a: Cause then there would be a hole in one!

q: Why did the groom ask his bride to wear white?
a: Because he wanted his dishwasher to match the fridge and stove

q: hear about the gay indian?
a: he's a brave sucker....

q: Why are hours gay?
a: Cause they have lots of secs with lots of min.

q: what are you getting your wife for her birthday?
a: a sweater and a dildo...  if she doesnt like the sweater, she can go fuck herself

q: What kind of karate do Rabbis know?
a: Jew Jitsu. 

q: When are the hiest's coming out?
a: THEY ARE NOT!

q: What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus?
a: I dunno, but you should see that son of a bitch hang dry wall.

q: What would George Washington do if he were alive today?
a: Scream and scratch at the top of his coffin.

q: What do you do with 100 peaches?
a: You eat what you can, and you can, what you can't.

q: Why did the John leave the Brothel?
a: He was sick of the hormones! (whore-moans)

q: Did you hear about the plane crash in Poland?
a: It was a Cessna 2 seater, crashed into a graveyard, the body count is up to 453 and they are still finding more. 

q: How do you turn a computer into a zombie?
a: Send it a byte. Kind of lame but I couldn't help myself.

q: How come Jews run the world?
a: Because they dominate the gas industry

q: Why did the skeleton cross the road?
a: To get to the body shop.

q: What did the chicken say ?
a: What did they chicken say to his friends after being sent to the hospital after failing to cross the road ?.  Don't worry ill get over it.

q: What did a constipated Watson tell Sherlock?
a: No shit, Sherlock. 

q: Want to hear an ebola joke?
a: you wont get it

q: What do you do when you see an upside down dolphin?
a: You flipper!

q: Did you hear about the furry who got detained at the border?
a: The guards thought he was a drug mule.

q: How do you fit 20 Jews in a Cadillac?
a: One in the driver's seat, one in the passenger, three in the back, and the rest in the ash tray.

q: Want to hear another joke about Ebola?
a: You'll probably get it this time, i promise! So I recently started spamming Nigerian e-mail adresses with the following; "Have 50 boxes of ZMapp experimental Ebola vaccine. Need to send to you. Please send deeds and all legal documents for your property to me so I know where to send them. All the best ZMapp Distribution Services" Jokes on you this time suckers!

q: Pain Pills?
a: You mean bitch mints?

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
a: Because pterodactyls are extinct.

q: What is the most deadliest breakfast?
a: Ebola cereal.  Note: Got it from my stepbrother who has his moments. 

q: What is a priest's favorite guitar chord?
a: Gsus

q: What's the difference between the IRS and a baby?
a: It takes a lot more than a hammer to make the IRS shut up.

q: Why dont blind people go skydiving?
a: It scares the hell out of the dog.

q: How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly?
a: The meth head still has teeth.

q: Hey, Gandalf! What is it that bats can do but badgers can't?
a: FLY, YOU FOOLS!

q: Why did the kid cross the playground?
a: To get to the other slide.  Edit: spelling.

q: What's green and smells like red paint?
a: Green paint.

q: What do you call peanuts in space?
a: Astronuts!

q: Did you ever wonder what the Para in ParaOlympic stood for?
a: Ooh, "Stood" for is probably not the best word to use there.  On the bright side, no one in a wheelchair has ever walked out when I told that joke.

q: Did you hear the one about the donkey and the sloth?
a: Ultamate frisbee badger!

q: Why is it called taking a shit?
a: Cuz no one wants to say they're giving a shit.

q: WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE THAT?
a: Jill tells her husband, "Jack, that young couple that just moved in next door seem such a loving twosome. Every morning, when he leaves the house, he kisses her goodbye, and every evening when he comes homes, he brings her a dozen roses.  Now, why can't you do that?"  "Gosh," Jack says, "why I hardly know the girl." 

q: Why do I always sit in the back of an airplane?
a: Cos iv never heard of an airplane reverse into a mountain... ill help myself out...

q: What's the difference between a snowman and snow-women?
a: Snow-balls.

q: Why did Jimmy get into a horrific car accident?
a: He let God take the wheel Edit:   He let   take the wheel

q: What does a Mexican wizard use to cast magic?
a: A Juand

q: Innuendos?
a: I like to slip one in every now and again.

q: What did onlookers say to the Wright Brothers as they took off?
a: BYE PLANE

q: Why did the little tugboat do what all of the other tugboats told him to do?
a: Pier pressure

q: What did the host of an orgy say to his guests?
a: I'm glad you all came!

q: Did you hear about Elon Musk's X in Virginia?
a: They had a firey start, then a major break up.  

q: What do you call a phallic music scale, crushed under a piano?
a: D-flat

q: What do Africans want to be for Halloween?
a: Not infected.

q: Why are elements attracted to the Noble Gasses?
a: Because they're 

q: How many religious people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: This is a joke I came up with. Q: How many religious people does it take to change a light bulb? A: There's no need to change it when you can easily convince everyone that it still works, but they've gone blind.

q: Why do blonde girls have bruises around their belly buttons?
a: Because blonde guys aren't that smart either

q: What do you call it when a jaeger licks your butthole?
a: Pacific Rim Job.

q: What do you call a pessimistic clone?
a: A repli-can't!

q: What do ISIL and Little Miss Muffet have in common?
a: Both have curds in their whey. -Credit goes to my professor

q: What is Obama's last name?
a: care

q: What workplace benefit do ebola quarantine nurses receive?
a: Hazardous doodie pay!

q: Did you hear Nicky Minaj was admitted to hospital?
a: She had a massive anus rhythm. 

q: Why does Barbie never get pregnant........?
a: Because Ken came in another box

q: Why couldnt the NSA whistle blower leave russia?
a: He was snowed in

q: What do you call a nomadic caveman?
a: A meanderthal.

q: What did the square say to the blob?
a: You're out of shape.

q: Where could you look up Joan of Arc's profile?
a: On Tinder.

q: What's an African's least favorite appetizer?
a: E - Bola Soup

q: What kind of education does a horny mathematician impart?
a: Sets education. 

q: What gives a ghost the right to haunt people?
a: A haunting license 

q: You know what seems odd to me?
a: Numbers that can't be divided by two.

q: Why does Barbie like Halloween?
a: It's pump-ken time

q: Why did the puppeteer get out of jail?
a: Because he "pulled a few strings"!

q: Why is it so difficult for women to find a man who is sensitive, caring, and good looking?
a: All of those guys already have boyfriends.

q: What kind of cake does a baseball player prefer?
a: A bundt cake!

q: What is the fastest cake in the world?
a: Scone.

q: Why do Russians love Pho so much?
a: Because they're so...viet.

q: what do you call a chav in a box?
a: innit.

q: Why was Darth Vader so ugly?
a: Because he had sithilis.

q: What' the difference between Adolf Hitler and Lance Armstrong?
a: Lance Armstrong can finish a race!

q: What do you call a midget psychic that escaped prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: What do you call a Frosty's prostitute?
a: A snow blower 

q: What is it called when an exchange student goes to Malaysia?
a: Euthanasia.

q: What is it like to eat out an old grandma?
a: Depends.

q: Did you hear about the man who did it with a parakeet?
a: He contracted chirpes. And the worst thing? It was untweetable.

q: What's a panda's favourite drink?
a: Bambooze

q: Why don't quantum physicists have sex?
a: When they find the position, they don't have the momentum. When they have the momentum, they can't find the position.

q: How do you clean a condom?
a: You put it in a pot and boil the fuck out of it.

q: What do you call it when you poop and masturbate at the same time?
a: Two turds with one bone

q: What kind of car does a pirate drive?
a: A Yarrrrrrrrris. 

q: What is Forrest Gumps password?
a: 1forrest1

q: What's the difference between a bus station and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean

q: What does an unborn fetus and a tube of toothpaste have in common?
a: Neither of them can be used as functional tables. 

q: What do you call a drug addict that's allergic to heroin?
a: Cracktose Intolerant 

q: What do you call a psychic dwarf running from the law?
a: A small medium at large

q: What is long, green, and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the Frog's fingers.

q: What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the bunko squad?
a: A small medium at large.

q: Why did the man put condoms on his ears during sex?
a: He didn't want to get hearing aids.

q: What do you call a psychic, escape convict who is also a dwarf?
a: A small medium at large.

q: How does a crackhead order their whiskey?
a: On the rocks

q: What does the old Nazi call his favorite reclining chair?
a: Mein Kampfy chair.

q: Why do chefs put so much effort into baking cakes?
a: Because you only get out what you pudding.

q: How many countries' flags make an appearance at every auto race in the world?
a: Two.  Libya's to start the race, and France's to signal there's one lap to go.

q: What do you call a clairvoyant dwarf that recently broke out of prison?
a: A small medium at large. (One of my sister's favourites)

q: When does one plus one equal three?
a: Nine months later.

q: What did the athletic trainer say to the body builder who was allergic to protein powder?
a: "No whey."

q: Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison?
a: The headline said "Small Medium at Large"

q: What are the odds of an anorexic girl joining the clergy?
a: Slim to nun.

q: Why did the eyeglasses model become a beekeeper?
a: He heard that beauty was in the eyes of the bee holder.

q: Wanna hear a joke about a stupid person?
a: well, too bad. I can't talk to you over the internet. Stupid.

q: How many babies does it take to paint a wall??
a: Depends how hard you throw them.

q: What do you call an anti-diuretic wine?
a: Penot More

q: Why do technicolor pigs have great breath?
a: Because the have a lot of pigments.

q: What is the proper definition of indefinitely?
a: When your balls are slapping her butthole you know you are in definitely. 

q: What kind of dog did Dracula have?
a: A Bloodhound.

q: You know what the best part about having sex with twenty three year olds is?
a: There are twenty of them.

q: How do you start an Ethiopian rave?
a: You tape bread to the ceiling.

q: What's the difference between me and a dentist?
a: The dentist pulls it out when it hurts.

q: How do you say virgin in German?
a: Goodandtight

q: Why is Thor's brother always overlooked?
a: Because he's low key.

q: Why do they call them rapeseeds?
a: It's not like the flowers ever consented.

q: whats the deal with shemales?
a: you don't call them she, and they're not male

q: Kid: Mommy, mommy! Can I lick the bowl?
a: Mom: No, you have to flush it like everyone else.

q: What's the difference between a large pizza and an art student?
a: A pizza can feed a family.

q: What do you call a Canadian pimp?
a: Jose (hoes eh?)

q: What do you call a vampire that eats period blood?
a: Count Snatchula

q: What do you call a French man wearing sandals?
a: Fillipe F'Lop

q: What do English pirates call each other?
a: M80

q: What couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?
a: He was to far outtttttttttt........ Ha weeeeeeed.

q: What did the African have for breakfast?
a: E Bol A Cereal

q: You guys hear about the guy that went bowling in NY after he came back from West Africa?
a: They say ebola perfect game.

q: Why should you never bring your Pokemon cards into the washroom with you?
a: They might Pikachu.

q: Did you hear about the statistician's party?
a: The dress code was causal.

q: what do you call chicken shawarma wrapped in a tortilla?
a: A mosqueito. 

q: Whats the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?
a: On less person is drunk

q: What do you call a really bad sausage?
a: The Wurst.

q: Wanna know something odd?
a: Numbers not divisble by 2

q: What do you call and Irishman who works in a French cafe?
a: Paddy Hor D'oeuvre

q: What is the difference between a Ferrari and 4 dead babies?
a: I don't have a Ferrari in my garage

q: Whats the odd one out ?
a: The man on the moon? Santa Claus? Or an honest Lawyer? Yes you got it Santa. The other two are figments of the imagination.

q: What did the suicidal college student say to his room mate?
a: Dont leave me hangin' bro

q: How many months have 28 days?
a: All of them

q: What is a pessimists blood type?
a: B-negative.

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and my ex-girlfriend?
a: There isn't one...

q: What kind of poker do stoner cows play?
a: High Steaks

q: Why is the peanut crying?
a: Because he couldn't handle his roast

q: A joke I made up when I was high: Why is it good to know someone who kicks ducks in the face?
a: Because they're always footing the bill.

q: What's 6.9?
a: A good thing ruined by a period.

q: What's the difference between a microwave and anal?
a: A microwave doesn't brown your meat. Courtesy of Chuck Palahnuik at his reading for 'Beautiful You' in Phoenix last night.

q: Why did the pirate have to change wenches?
a: His old one wouldn't let him swab her poop deck.

q: What do you call an Asian woman with one leg?
a: Irene 

q: What do you call a Chinese guy when he's laughing?
a: Lmao

q: What do you call a Japanese Transvestite?
a: Nip Tuck

q: What's the difference between a Maine girl and a moose?
a: 15 lbs and a flannel shirt.  

q: Where is a pirates favorite place to shop for toys?
a: Toys arrrrrr Us.

q: What's the difference between a pizza and a gym teacher?
a: A pizza can actually feed a family of four.

q: What do you call a paraplegic with Ebola?
a: A parabola.

q: What do you call suicide committed while shitting?
a: Seppooku.

q: What do you call your ex-girlfriend in Maryland?
a: Old bae.

q: What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
a: ...

q: What is a rapists favourite vegetable?
a: Beat-root

q: How do you know you can't trust doctors and lawyers?
a: Because they both "practice" their professions.

q: What does a data scientist do after an heavy lunch?
a: A pie shart.

q: What do Sea Monsters eat?
a: Fish and Ships. 

q: What do you call an epileptic having a fit in a deck-chair?
a: A Transformer! (Literally my favourite joke of all time.)

q: What's black and sits at the top of a staircase?
a: Stephen Hawking after a house fire.

q: What's the difference between a green bean chickpea?
a: No one has ever paid to have a green bean on their chest

q: Have you heard of the new constipation movie?
a: it hasn't come out yet.

q: Why did the hipster drown in the lake?
a: Because he went ice skating before it was cool. 

q: What does a buffalo says to his son before going to school?
a: Bison

q: why do ghosts like elevators?
a: it lifts their spirits

q: What's the strongest plant in the world?
a: Eucaliftus

q: What the NSA say to NASA?
a: You're a day late and a dolla short!

q: Did you hear about the man who took so much LSD he started spontaneously speaking Italian?
a: It was a wopping dose.

q: What kind of an erection does a necrophiliac get?
a: Mourning wood! :)

q: what do you call a rock group with no bassist, drummer, singer or guitarist?
a: Mount Rushmore

q: Why is Jewish apple cake Jewish?
a: Because it's baked in an oven...

q: What do you call two midgets giving each other oral sex?
a: 34.5ing 

q: If you screwed up something in a science lab, who do you tell?
a:  Neil deGrasse cause he will grass on you!

q: What Did The Egg Say To the Boiling Water?
a: I just got laid by a chick, its gonna take me a while to get hard.

q: Remember when you used to blow bubbles as a kid?
a: Well, he gets out of jail next month. 

q: What do you get when you drop a Piano on an army base?
a: A flat major.

q: Ive often wondered, how do devout Christians handle being raped?
a: Y'know, with that whole "turn the other cheek" thing?

q: You know how Hitler picked up hot Jewish girls?
a: With a broom and dust pan.

q: What do you call a pall bearer in Oklahoma?
a: A karaoke!

q: What's a lumberjacks favorite animal?
a: A TIMBERwolf

q: A man dies in the desert next to a rock. How did he die?
a: The rock is kyptonite and the man is superman.

q: Did you hear about the teenager who got his arm pulled off?
a: There was a teenager hanging pumpkins on a rope off of the overpass as a prank. When a car would drive by, he would yank it up quickly, scaring the driver and causing accidents. Well, a semi truck came by when he wasn't paying attention and got a hold of the pumpkin. In turn, it tore his arm off. The cops were called, and they assessed the situation. They decided the truck driver should be charged with armed robbery.

q: Why will the next IPhones be the hottest best selling phones?
a: Because they'll be sexy(6c) and a success(6s)

q: Did you hear that France changed their flag?
a: It is now just White

q: What did the old Frankish barbarians say to the Roman invasion?
a: "You don't have the   to do it!"

q: Why did the guy gay go to prison?
a: For HOMO-cide. 

q: What would you do if someone is choking?
a: Take a step back.

q: What do you call a liver transplant?
a: A delivery.

q: What's the difference between Whitney Houston and a black widow?
a: Nothing. Neither can climb out of a bathtub. 

q: Why did the hipster burn their tongue?
a: They ate their dinner before it was cool.

q: Why are gays never really supressed?
a: Cuz they always stick it to the man!

q: What do the Green Bay Packers and Monica Lewinsky have in common?
a: They both like Clinton-Dix

q: What did Oscar Pistorius say when his cellmate asked him how he ended up in prison?
a: "I'm stumped."

q: Why did the woman miss the spaghetti train?
a: Because it went straight pasta.

q: Did you hear about the window installer with two penises?
a: He was double-hung. 

q: What does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common?
a: As soon as I put money on them, they suck. 

q: What do old cars and dead chickens have in common?
a: You'll usually get more money for them if you sell them for parts 

q: Who is the most musical Canadian heroine?
a: Laura C-Chord.

q: What did the angry Indian man say at the bakery?
a: I'm having naan of it.

q: What do you call a lonely orator?
a: A master debater.

q: Why do I have to say please when I ask for a sandwich at a restaurant?
a: They don't say please when I'm paying. They say, "That'll be $5". I should be able to say, "That'll be a sandwich."

q: whats the difference between a woman and a computer ?
a: A woman has no use  for a 3 1/2" inch floppy.

q: What do asian cannibals eat?
a: "rawmen"

q: What does a blonde woman is doing with her ear bonded to the wall ?
a: Listening  .

q: What do you call Batman when he leaves church early?
a: Christian Bale.

q: What do you call an Asian getting mugged?
a: Black and Yellow

q: Why did the stair railing give money to Beethoven?
a: A bannister always pays his deafs.

q: Whats the difference between a mosquito and a hooker?
a: When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.

q: What's Vatican City's national animal?
a: The Papal bull.

q: Why didn't the rock make it to work today?
a: He was stoned

q: What do you call a bovine beauty pageant winner?
a: A big Miss Steak.

q: Why is Microsoft coming out with a windows 10 instead of 9?
a: Because 7 8 9

q: What joke has sebadoh for a punch line?
a: A joke about what kind of dough does an italian use to make seb bread, with really good delivery.

q: What's the difference between my ex girlfriend and ebola?
a: At least Ebola will finish me off

q: Did you hear about the communist nymphomaniac?
a: When the workers of the world united, they all got an equal part in her.

q: Where do noobs live in Iceland?
a: Rekt-javk

q: Why did the football go to the bank?
a: to get is quarterback.

q: What do you call a cow with 3 legs?
a: (my girlfriend who's a high school teacher heard this from a student the other day)  Q: What do you call a cow with 3 legs? A: Lean Beef Q: What do you call a cow with no legs? A: Ground Beef Q: What do you call a cow with 2 legs? A: Your mom

q: What has 3 thumbs and was born near a nuclear power plant?
a: This guy

q: What do you call 5 black people having sex in the 1800's?
a: A threesome.

q: How do you measure the molar mass of guacamole?
a: With Avocado's Constant.

q: Why did the Soviet union fail?
a: Too much Stalin'. Yeah it's bad but it made me giggle when I thought of it... :P

q: Did you hear about the outbreak of Urinary Tract Infections at the University of Texas?
a: It's odd they couldn't see the issue with all those UTI's

q: What sex position produces the ugliest offspring?
a: I don't know go ask your mom. 

q: What do you call a pair of snakeskin trousers?
a: Serpants. 

q: What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded?
a: What is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded?  Reptile disfunction. . 

q: What did they call Hitler after he lost his hair?
a: The Bald Eagle..... I'm here all day folks

q: What do you call a 5'10" fortune teller parked in the middle of a divided highway?
a: A medium medium on the median.

q: Why were all of the other fish calling the shark gay?
a: He swallowed all of the seamen.

q: Did you hear about the man who was to amputate a foot?
a: They amputated the wrong one. Now they're both in a wheelchair.

q: What does a cannibal drink for breakfast?
a: A cup of Joe.

q: What did one Jew say to the other Jew?
a: Is it just me, or is this room getting really hot??

q: Has anyone seen the trailer for the latest Tom Cruise movie?
a: He can't go to the bathroom at all. It's called Mission Impissable.

q: Did you hear Kony is raising up another army?
a: It's a baby only army.  The infant-ry.

q: What do you call and autistic child caught in a house fire?
a: A baked potato

q: How do bunny rabbits like their beer brewed?
a: With lots of hops!

q: You hear about these new trains that can burn any organic matter for fuel?
a: They even run on thyme!

q: Why can't Nietzsche use pencils?
a: Because they're all pointless

q: Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road?
a: Trick question.  There are no roads in Africa.

q: How do you separate Greek men from Greek boys?
a: With a crowbar.

q: Why was the gangster sick after going to west Africa?
a: He got eballa

q: Where do people with Ebola go when they die?
a: Bloody hell

q: Have you heard about the tragedy of Canada?
a: The tragedy of Canada is that we could have had English culture, French cuisine, and American technology. Instead we have American culture, English cuisine, and French technology.

q: What do you call a 5' 2" fortune teller that has escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: (All credit goes to my 4 year old niece) How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
a: Tentickles!

q: What kind of alcohol gets stuck in your head for days?
a: Red Red Wine!

q: What is worse than 7 babies nailed to a tree?
a: One baby nailed to 7 trees:) 

q: Why is Rosie O'Donell fat?
a: Because she likes to eat out!

q: Why do they eat snails in France?
a: They don't like fastfood

q: What do you call a conversation with your professor when you are blown?
a: I guess you would call it a high-class conversation.

q: What was the name of the lumberjack in Al-Quaida?
a: Osama-Been-Loggin'

q: How is a teacher like a hooker?
a: They're both pretending that they're enjoying it.

q: Has anyone seen the new Ebola video ?
a: I heard it went viral.

q: Why could Frankenstein's Monster not have children?
a: Because his nuts were in his neck!

q: What do you call an innovation in scissors?
a: Cutting-edge technology

q: What did the sophisticated cow say in response to another cow's joke?
a: "That was very amoosing"

q: Why don't chickens wear pants?
a: Because their pecker is on their face.. Thank you, good night!

q: How do you build a flea circus?
a: You have to start from scratch.

q: What does a farmer do at a strip club?
a: Make it grain.

q: What do vegan cannibals eat?
a: Only vegetables. 

q: What was Thriller really about?
a: A negromancer.

q: (SPOILERS) Guess what show I did NOT want to watch after the latest Walking Dead?
a: Bob's Burgers

q: What are your go to jokes?
a: I was at an event the other day and someone asked "So... anyone know any jokes?"  What's everyone's "go to" joke in social situations? 

q: Did you know that Lorena Bobbit was originally from Russia?
a: Her given name was Lorena Cutyourcockoff.

q: How many accident-prone people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: We're on our sixth.

q: How can you tell when a Software Developer is an extrovert ?
a: He looks at   shoes when he's talking to you.

q: You've probably heard of Davy Jones' locker, but do you know who Davy Jones is?
a: He's a Sea-Monkee.

q: What do hillbillys do on Halloween?
a: Pump Kin

q: How do you make two Oboists play in tune with one another?
a: Shoot one of them.

q: Why was Pluto's child unexpected?
a: Because it didn't plan it.

q: What did the fresh egg say to the boiling pot of water?
a: "It's going to take me a while to get hard, I just got laid this morning."

q: What's the worst thing about banging a girl with a cold heart?
a: The rest of her is cold too.

q: What do you do if you step on a landmine?
a: Well standard procedure is to jump 50 feet and spread over a wide area.

q: What business are you in?
a: I'll start 'What business are you in?' 'I'm in the Necrophiliac business.' 'How is it?' 'Fucking dead.' 'What business are you in?' 'I'm in the Parkinson's business.' 'How is it?' 'Bit shaky at the moment.' A game we played as 13 year olds. Plenty more in the tank

q: You know whats sad?
a: A depressed onion cutting itself.

q: Ever been to the restaurant owned by the fundamentalist church?
a: No? Well, if you do go there I don't suggest getting the bible sandwich. They really try to shove it down your throat.

q: Have you heard the joke about Ebola yet?
a: You probably won't get it. 

q: Where is the best place to vacation for Halloween?
a: Galapaghost Islands.

q: The difference between sex and pumpkin carving?
a: In pumpkin carving, one is trying to get all of the seeds out.

q: How many Germans does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
a:  

q: What does a Polish bride get on her wedding night that's long and hard?
a: A new last name!

q: Why is Iron Man Italian?
a: Because to get him you have to rig-a-tony..

q: What did the french chef say when the cheese factory exploded?
a: What did the french chef say when the cheese factory exploded? Looks like we have debris all over the place

q: Why did the man throw duck food at Nurse Jackie?
a: Because she was a quack.

q: What's Michael Jackson's favorite thing about twenty-eight year olds?
a: There's 20 of them.

q: What do you call a french soul singer?
a: Beret White

q: Did you hear what they named the plane that carried nurse #1 to Maryland?
a: The Ebola gay

q: What do you call it when strippers hold a fundraiser for the tattooing arts?
a: Tits for Tats

q: What are the sexiest farm animals?
a: Brown chicken, Brown cow!

q: Why do Russians like pho so much?
a: ... BECAUSE THEIR SO VIET :3

q: Why do soviet policemen travel in groups of three?
a: One to read, one to write, and one to keep an eye on the two intellectuals.

q: What are ducks' favorite drug?
a: Quack.

q: What's the difference between a pedant and a sadist?
a: A sadist is honest about his intentions. That probably wasn't funny, but what do I know?

q: Why did the agnostic receive a lighter sentence?
a: He had no prior convictions.

q: Oh, Obama's credit card was declined?
a: Michelle must have called the bank and told them she was tired of her husband always "going Dutch."

q: What did the West African boy eat for breakfast?
a: Ebola oatmeal...

q: Was my French teacher into golden showers?
a: Oui.   Courtesy of Stewart Francis.

q: why did they bury liberace face down?
a: so his friends could stop by for a cold one...

q: How do skateboarders see?
a: So gnar

q: What is the strictest part of a ship?
a: The stern 

q: What do you call an 80s band comrpising of only fruit?
a: Durian durian! im sorry

q: Why did the ghosts haunt the bar?
a: For the boos.

q: What does it sound like when a pterodactyl uses the bathroom?
a: Nothing, the pee is silent

q: Did you hear about the man who died at the spaghetti factory?
a: He's with the angel hair now.

q: How can you tell if a package is gay?
a: It cums in the male

q: Why didn't Steven jobs get treated for cancer?
a: an apple a day keeps the doctor away

q: What is cat's favourite tea?
a: Kit-tea

q: Does anyone want to buy a broken yo-yo?
a: No strings attached

q: How did the girlfriend satisfy her secretly gay boyfriend?
a: I don't know, I guess she really had him pegged.

q: What would Abraham Lincoln say if he found out there was a movie about him slaying vampires?
a: What's a movie?

q: What's a pedophile's favorite musical score?
a: The Magic Flute in A Minor

q: Why did Hitler's Bed'n Breakfast fail?
a: The only thing he served for breakfast was concentrated juice.

q: You wanna know how slow iOS 8 runs on my iPhone 4s?
a: After upgrading to iOS8, I pressed the power button of my iPhone 4S to turn on the screen, and then pressed the home button. It TOOK A SCREENSHOT...orz

q: What happens when a vampire drinks too much?
a: They get a fangover.

q: What is a Muslim's Favorite Dinosaur???
a: Allahsaurus! 

q: Did you hear there was a stick up on the bridge?
a: Yeah, they don't know how it got up there considering there are no trees there.

q: Will you have sex with me for a million dollars?
a: A man walks up to a woman at a bar and asks "Would you have sex with me for a million dollars?" She replies "Well, that is a lot of money, ok." He then asks "Well then, will you do it for 10 dollars?" She replies " Of course not, what do you think I am a whore?" He says "I've already established that, at this point we're simply negotiating." 

q: What's the worst thing about 90's kids?
a: They fight back.

q: Why did the pigeon hate the crow?
a: because he was in the coo klux klan

q: Did you hear about the man who drank bug spray?
a: He pissed off.

q: What do white girls and web developers have in common?
a: nobody ever compliments our back end  :(  

q: What did the dyslexic Satanist do?
a: He sold his soul to Santa.

q: What do you call sex with a black person?
a: Beastiality. 

q: What's the difference between an Irishman and a bottle of whiskey?
a: The whiskey usually doesn't get drunk until it's at least ten years old.

q: What is the difference between a laddie and a lady?
a: One has a d where the other doesn't.  

q: What is the difference between a Pro-life girl and a Pro-choice girl?
a: It is because pro-choice people kill babies. And murder is a sin. And people who commit sins go to heck. The joke is people call themselves pro-choice and want to be considered 'good' people.

q: What is Jamaican Pikachu's favorite dance?
a: The Polka Mon

q: What's the difference between Italian and Polish sausage?
a: About 2-3 inches.

q: Why did the psych ward escapee never get married?
a: He had a fear of commitment 

q: What is it a volcano has which gives him trouble erupting?
a: Eruptile dysfunction.

q: What do you call a man who supports women's sports?
a: A sports brah

q: Is Kevin Bacon popular on Reddit?
a: "Yes" :p Or also "Yes she is" (yes cheese) Just made it up, I can't stop laughing, thought I'd share...

q: What do you call a chronic masturbaiter in Turkey?
a: A jerkin Turkin 

q: Did you hear about the guy with the invisible dick?
a: He came out of nowhere.

q: What's the difference between a Canadian woman and a moose?
a: 50 pounds and a flannel.

q: Why did the Jew prefer to sleep in the dark?
a: Because the lights in his house were contolled by a switch 

q: What's the best thing about fucking a transsexual?
a: You can reach around the front and you think you went all the way through.

q: Why was the pianist arrested?
a: He was caught playing in A minor.

q: What does Michael Jackson and Santa Clause have in common?
a: They both like to come down your shoot. 

q: What do you call the hair between your grandmas boobs?
a: Her vagina...

q: What's red and has 7 dents?
a: Snow White's cherry

q: What's the difference between fish and meat?
a: If you beat your fish, it will die.

q: What do you do to a dog that doesn't obey your commands?
a: You kill it.

q: What time does Sean Connery show up at Wimbledon every year?
a: About tennish.

q: What is Hitler's favorite letter in the alphabet?
a: I don't know, but it's definitely not z's!!!

q: What gets a gold digger off?
a: Goldman Sachs

q: What kind of native American is Nikki Minaj?
a: Arapahoe.

q: Where did the one legged waitress work?
a: IHOP 

q: Why was the lazy-eyed man a horrible teacher?
a: Because he couldn't control his pupils.

q: Why does Batman wear a mask?
a: Because the citizens of Gotham aren't morons, like those idiots over in Metropolis

q: What is Superman when he removes his suit?
a: Man.

q: What did the wise man say to the fat guy?
a: You should probably go on a diet. 

q: What do plums and bunnies have in common?
a: They're both purple, except bunnies...bunnies aren't purple :/

q: Who is the hardest person to find in hide and seek?
a: Daniel Morcombe

q: What do you call a Scottsman with a sniper rifle?
a: Fiction.

q: When does it rain money?
a: When there's change in the weather.

q: How are babies and strippers alike?
a: They're fun to play with but I wouldn't want to take one home

q: What does a lonely Sean Connery building IKEA products say?
a: I guess its jusht me, myshelf, and I tonight. 

q: What do you call a sick bird of prey that enters the country without permission?
a: An ill-eagle

q: Clean - What do you do if you see a spaceman?
a: Park your car man :) - Classic!

q: What's the quickest way to make nine million dollars?
a: Date Simon Cowell.

q: What comes after Ebola?
a: Fbola.

q: What are the odds of a chronic gambler ever calling the addiction-helpline?
a: No seriously, I've got $100 riding on this.

q: What cell phone service do Stormtroopers use?
a: AT & AT.

q: What do you get if you group 8 sodium atoms together?
a: Batman.

q: What did the New Yorker order from the Liberian waitress?
a: Ebola soup!

q: What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called?
a: The Necronomnomnomicon.

q: what kind of knife is used to perform female circumcision?
a: a beaver cleaver

q: What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door?
a: A nun with a spear through her head.

q: Who lives there?
a: The yellow man lives in the yellow house. The purple man lives in the purple house. The red man in the red house. And the blue man in the blue house. So who lives in the White House? The black man. It's better in person, I'm so sorry.

q: What do you call a frenchman in the World Cup Final?
a: A referee

q: Where do pirates go after they are thrown out of Kansas?
a: Arkansas

q: What is the definition of torque?
a: When you wake up in the morning with an erection so stiff, that when you bend it down to take a leak, your legs kick back and you hit your head on the toilet.

q: Why did the Amish girl get kicked out of the community?
a: Too Mennonite.

q: What is the media of choice for the mallard?
a:  lololololololol--   --lololololol

q: Why was the Jew afraid to eat the pizza?
a: Because it had pork sausage toppings.

q: What's the difference between you and mallard with a cold?
a: One's a sick dick, and I can't remember how it ends, but your mother is a whore. -SNL reruns-

q: Is it a blow job or a blowjob?
a: Fuck I hate writing thank you cards...

q: Why do people like office parties AND this joke?
a: The punch line. 

q: Where does a tugboat go when it feels sick?
a: To the Dock

q: Was Billy Idol?
a: No, he was moving at the time.

q: There are 5 flies in the kitchen, which one is the cowboy?
a: The one on the range.

q: Do you believe in love at first sight?
a: have you ever experienced that moment when you see that girl that makes your world turn upside down.  The way she moves to do the simplest of tasks.  You can tell that her lips are nice and soft. Nothing would make you happier than being with her forever.  Then you make eye contact and you say, "Ow, my eye."

q: Did you her about the boy that was born without any eyelids?
a: They used the foreskin from the circumcision to make them. I guess you could say he was a little cockeyed.

q: did you hear about the guy with five penises?
a: his pants fit like a glove.

q: What's the difference between Rob Ford and a circus sideshow freak?
a: One's a fat, ugly, disturbing waste of money. The other's married to a bearded lady.

q: What do you call two beer drinkers arguing about sea turtles?
a: Lager-heads at loggerheads about Loggerheads.

q: Did you hear about the lumberjack who was looking oking for help?
a: He went to town and found another feller.

q: What do you call a woman in Thailand?
a: A three-legged lady

q: Why's the camel considered the submarine of the desert?
a: Because they're filled with iraqi semen

q: What made Gandalf spend most of his time in the Shire at brothels?
a: Love of the Halflings' queef. 

q: What food is given to ebola patients?
a: Pizza because it can be slipped under the door. 

q: What do you call something that protects your fucking cock during sex?
a: A condom

q: Why are camels called the ships of the desert?
a: Because they're full of Arab semen.

q: How many stones does it take to kill 3 birds?
a: one.. one stone. 

q: Why did Microsoft name their new operating system Windows 10?
a: Because Windows 7 8 9! 

q: What do you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
a: Slow down and use Lubricant.

q: What does the skeleton say when ganking bot lane?
a: BETTER TO RUN THAN CURSE THE ROAD

q: What greek letter is always sad?
a: Psi...

q: Women, eh?
a: My wife is pissed off with me again. Last night, whilst she was fast asleep, I gently removed her tampon and replaced it with a party popper leaving the string hanging out. I'm telling you, that woman has got no sense of humour at all..! 

q: How Many Friend Zoned Men Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb?
a: None, they just all stand around complaining that it won't screw!

q: Why did they have to put Michael Jackson down?
a: Because he couldn't race anymore!

q: How much lube do you need for anal?
a: A buttload.

q: Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train thief?
a: He has loco motives.

q: How do you know if someone has run a marathon?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: How many letters can you wear on your feet?
a: 10 E's

q: What do you call an IT teacher who touches up his students?
a: A PDF file.

q: Why did the monks go to the casino?
a: Tibet. 

q: What did the guy say after he finished jacking off?
a: Well that got a load off my mind.

q: Who lives in a hut with a couple pieces of trash and two grains of rice?
a: An Ethiopian person who has been hoarding for several years now.

q: What do you give a teenage girl who can't even?
a: A two-torial!

q: How does a women make you a millionaire?
a: You start as a billionaire 

q: How do you kill 15 flies at once?
a: Slap an African child in the face.

q: Did you hear about the Leper going for the masturbation world record?
a: Eventually he pulled it off!

q: Wanna hear a joke about Alzheimer's?
a: Never mind, I forgot.

q: In honor of The Walking Dead returning, What do zombie cows crave?
a: Graaaains! GRAAAAINS! [Also, I like to think it's zombie cows who are keeping the grass so nicely trimmed in The Walking Dead universe]

q: What is the best stand-up routine of our time?
a: I nominate Chris Rock's Never Scared.

q: Why didn't the scarecrow want dessert?
a: Because he was stuffed!

q: What do Ebola patients eat?
a: Abola chicken noodle soup!

q: Why can't you keep Jews in jail?
a: They eat lox!

q: Did you hear about the anxious gynaecologist?
a: ...He got in a flap.

q: What's the difference between a zombie and a redneck?
a: One is a brainless, dirty, slow moving abomination, and the other is a zombie.

q: Did you hear the one about the shrimp throwing a fit?
a: He was just being tempuramental.

q: What happens when you have sex with a cow and no one catches you?
a: So far, nothing.

q: What do you call a carnivore get-together?
a: a meat-up

q: What's the difference between a priest and acne?
a: Acne waits until a boy is at least 14 before coming on his face.

q: What does the perverted frog say?
a: Rubbit!

q: What type of condoms does Ronald McDonald use?
a: McRibbed

q: Why couldn't the life guard save the hippy?
a: Because he was too far out

q: How do Christians eat their icecream?
a: They Catholick it.

q: What does a zombie conductor say?
a: Traaaains.

q: Did you hear about the patriotic zombie who wanted to serve his country?
a: He joined the Marine Corpse. 

q: What do you call smutty pictures of birds?
a: Pornithography.

q: What's the the key to telling an ISIS joke?
a: The execution.

q: what did the pirate do after his parrot bit off his genitals?
a: He got a woodpecker. 

q: What was the bear's favourite pick-up line?
a: Hey baby, what's ursine?

q: Who's got two thumbs and dissociative identity disorder?
a: That guy.

q: What did the noble gas sound like when he laughed?
a: He He He

q: What kind of degrees do slaves get in college?
a: Their Master's. 

q: What do you call a gay guy paralyzed from the neck down?
a: A Tomato (because he's both a fruit AND a vegetable) 

q: What did the romaine say to the spinach before they started to eat?
a: Lettuce pray. 

q: What's my favorite pirate workout and cereal?
a: Captain Crunch 

q: What's the difference between a School and an ISIS training ground?
a: I don't know man, I just fly the drone

q: What did they call Ebola before the Internet?
a: Bola

q: Why did Saul want to kill Christians?
a: Because he was Saulty. I'll

q: What do you get when you put human DNA into a donkey?
a: North West. 

q: What the worst part about pulling a hair clump from the drain of the apartment you just moved into?
a: Waiting for it to dry so you can glue it to your sex doll

q: What was Charles Dickens' favourite experimental pop album?
a: It was the best of Grimes...

q: What is a mortician's favorite side dish?
a: Gravy 

q: Why does the mermaid wear seashells?
a: She grew out of her b-shells.

q: Que es eso?
a:  Queso!

q: Why can't random men check random women's breasts for cancel?
a: Because that sort of information is on a knead to know basis. 

q: What do you call it when a golfer misses the hole?
a: Fore-play

q: What do you call a Russian ninja?
a: Shneakoff ( I apologise, this is my first ever post so I'm using that as my excuse)

q: Why don't ghosts play sports?
a: Boo!

q: Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
a: The retail store! 

q: did you hear about the Indian restaurant that ran out of bread?
a: it was a naan issue sorry

q: What do you call an orthodox jew that is prone to heartburn?
a: Acidic. [My apologies]

q: What is a tampon's favorite food?
a: Scrambled egg

q: What did the kid with no arms and no legs get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: Who makes more money, a prostitute or a crack dealer?
a: The prostitute, because they just wash their crack and sell it again.

q: How are ninjas and soft core porn alike?
a: You never see them coming.

q: What do you call an Asian guy with a great work ethic?
a: Task Oriental.

q: Where do baby soy beans come from?
a: they come from edamames

q: Q: What is your least favorite force of nature?
a: A: Gravity. It's always bringing me down.

q: What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
a: She goes home

q: How much does Nicki Minaj sell security devices for?
a: Pound an alarm

q: How did Sarah Palin see Russia from her house?
a: She didn't, it was just an Aleutian.

q: Did you hear about the carnival fires?
a: They were intense.

q: What did one gay man say to the other gay man in the gay bar?
a: Stand up and I'll push your stool in. Yeah it's gross.

q: How do you tell the difference between an electrician and an electrical engineer?
a: Ask them to pronounce the word, "unionized".

q: How do Japanese people refer to American politicians?
a: Parti-san 

q: Why did Sally fall down the hill?
a: I pushed her.

q: How do you know a soprano is at the door?
a: They can't find the key and don't know when to come in.

q: What is, aside from being rubber, the similarity between an old car tire and 365 used condoms?
a: It was a Good Year... 

q: Why did Helen Keller play the piano with one hand?
a: Because she used the other to sing

q: Are you the date?
a: Because you're 10/10

q: Why is six afraid lf seven?
a: Because seven just came back from a trip to West Africa.

q: What did the Buffalo say to his son that was leaving for College?
a: Bison

q: What is the difference between a crackhead and a walrus?
a: One tooth

q: Why can't Helen Keller use an iPhone?
a: Because she's dead. 

q: How did the Hulk's mind blow?
a: Somebody threw a bone very far and Hulk yelled "HULK GET IT!  HEY WAIT." 

q: What did Davy Crockett say when he looked over The Alamo wall and saw 5,000 Mexican Soldiers?
a: "Who the hell ordered a new roof?"

q: What did the moon say to the window?
a: Fuck off

q: What kind of car does a Japanese chef drive?
a: Rolls Rice

q: Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors?
a: Because if it had four it would be a sedan.

q: what sex position makes an ugly baby???
a: ASK YOUR MA!

q: What do you call a gay geologist?
a: Substrate.

q: What's the difference between a women's track team and a group of midgets playing chess?
a: The latter is a group of cunning runts.

q: What do you call a blond standing on her head?
a: A brunette with bad breath.

q: what's the difference between a cross-eyed hunter and a constipated owl?
a: the hunter shoots but can't hit... 

q: Why did they kick Raggedy Anne out of the toybox?
a: She kept on sitting on Pinocchio's face yelling "Lie to me... lie to me!"

q: What's the difference between a psychotic mental patient and a man with a bible in his hand?
a: Respiridol

q: Why are neutralization reations illegal?
a: They involve assault.

q: What does Sean Connery wear to avoid the paparazzi?
a: His shunglasshesh

q: What do you call a Russian road with a KFC and lots of prostitutes?
a: The Road of Bones

q: What do you call a Rastafarian Irishman?
a: Eamon

q: Do you know why Jesus doesn't eat M&M's?
a: Because they fall through the holes in his hands.

q: why did helen keller masturbate with one hand?
a: so she could moan with the other...

q: What is Forrest Gump's computer password?
a: 1forrest1

q: What goes; green-red-green-red-green-red-green-red?
a: A frog in my blender

q: What do you call a street full of cheap hookers and a McDonald's?
a: Quarter Pound Town.

q: Why was Hitler a pussy?
a: Because he had nein lives!

q: So... Do you like dragons?
a: You do? Good. Cause I am gonna be draggin' my balls across your face. Someone at work told me this and I couldn't stop laughing.

q: Did you hear the one about the Rabbi who performed circumcisions?
a: He never charged for his services, but he always kept the tips.

q: How do you confuse Hellen Keller?
a: Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.

q: What was the slutty nurse looking for in October?
a: A Hallowiener.

q: what do you call fake spaghetti?
a: impasta.

q: What's red and is bad for your teeth?
a: A Brick.

q: What's the most dangerous weapon your wife can get her hands on?
a: Your credit card.

q: Did you hear about the gay german?
a: Apparently he Adolf Hitler.

q: What do a Chinese tourist who got run over by a bus and a lobster have in common?
a: They're both crushed-asians

q: Did you know how they found out that Dale Earnheart had dandruff?
a: They found his head and shoulders on the dash.

q: Anyone else here able to spell "condescending narcissist" correctly on the first try?
a: Yeah, I didn't think so.

q: How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox?
a: How do you fit 20 Cubans in a shoebox? Tell them it floats!

q: What do you call titty fucking underwater?
a: The breast stroke

q: Why does 7 have an odd sense of humor?
a: Because he abused when he was younger.. it's really quite sad.

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute with chronic diarrhea and an epileptic oyster fisherman?
a: The prostitute fucks between shits and the oyster fisherman shucks between fits. 

q: What's the difference between terrorists and tourists?
a: Terrorists have sympathizers.

q: What is a goat's favourite form of comedy?
a: Satyre.

q: Why did everyone think the pie was gay?
a: Because he blueberry.

q: Why was Han Solo dissapointed in his Blow Job from Princess Leia?
a: It was Chewy

q: What do you call an agreeable neighbor?
a: ....a yaybor.

q: What's big and green and sits in the corner?
a: The Incredible Sulk!

q: How can you tell if a mechanic went home for lunch?
a: One of his fingers is clean

q: What did Rouge say just before murdering Crimison?
a: Hue hue hue

q: How many Christians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two. But only for procreation. 

q: Did you hear about the kid that became a paraplegic?
a: He had to roll with it...

q: What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common?
a: Both of their biggest hits were the wall. 

q: Why did the ebo(l)la patient yell?
a: Someone spilled wine (bolla) on his ELECTRONIC. (E)phones.

q: Where does light go when it is convicted of a crime?
a: Prism

q: Why did the dolphin commit suicide?
a: Because his life had no porpoise

q: Did you hear about the Egyptian boatman who refused to believe his craft was sinking?
a: He was in denial

q: Did you hear about the man that flashed three nuns?
a: Two had a stroke and one couldn't reach.

q: What's the best way to organize your cakes, muffins, and hamburger buns?
a: Alphabreadically!

q: What key opens a banana?
a: A monkey. What key opens a carrot? A donkey.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and an archangel that dislikes Biblical prophets?
a: One is a Dan-hating Mike. The other is a man-hating dyke. edit: spelling because of anal dykes

q: What do you call a fat guy who jumps around buildings?
a: "Poor core"

q: What nipple did the UFO crash land on?
a: Areola 51

q: What was Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite art form?
a: Exi-stencilism

q: What are your best Sports Team jokes?
a: With the NHL season getting started tonight. I am wondering what are you best jokes making fun off sports teams. All Sports (Baseball,hockey,football, soccer etc). 

q: What do you call a man with a rubber toe?
a: Roberto.

q: How does Anthony Weiner like his meat?
a: Pulled

q: What's the difference between a cook and a homo?
a: Well, the cook stirs today's meal while the homo stirs yesterday's.

q: how can you tell if you have amnesia?
a: what was the question?

q: I'm half-French and half-American, but I know my heart is American, do you know why?
a: Because if it were French it would stop working!

q: How do Batman's parents call him to dinner?
a: They don't; they're dead.

q: What's one thing that a beautiful woman and a jar of peanut butter have in common?
a: They can both make me swell up to 3 times my normal size.

q: What do you call a pachyderm that has nothing to do with the situation?
a: Irrelelephant.  

q: What's the difference between refrigerators and gay people?
a: Refrigerators don't fart when the meat gets pulled out

q: What did the IT guy say to his wife after she complained about their love life?
a: " Did you try turning me off and on again?"

q: What do you call a cow who is also a knight?
a: Sir Loin.

q: What are parents that you can see through?
a: Transparents

q: What's the most efficient way to break up with someone?
a: Murder. I had to post this to   to keep from implicating myself

q: How does Jesus like his meat?
a: Saviory

q: Guido Mastrobatatti died when he hurt his arm? How?
a: He had elbow-a

q: How can you tell when you're in a bad strip club?
a: It's not hard.

q: Whats the last letter in the alphabet?
a: somebody help plz I need help on kindergarten project

q: What do these jokes and a ghost have in common?
a: Boo man! Boo!

q: How many french men does it take to conquer Paris?
a: No one knows, it's never been done.

q: What happens when you go to the bathroom scared?
a: A spooky dookie.

q: Why are lazy farmers so great?
a: Because they are just out standing in their fields.

q: How many redditors does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Only one, but an extra 15 to repost.

q: Did you hear about the terrorist on the talent show!?
a: apparently he blew the judges away!

q: What do you call a slutty potato chip?
a: A Free-to-lay

q: What's the difference between Geno Smith and a porn star?
a: Nothing, they both suck dick.  As a Jets fan it hurts to say. But it's been kind of true. 

q: Why did the zombie move into a studio apartment?
a: Because he didn't need a living room anymore!

q: What did the French guy say when he forgot to tell his driver to turn left?
a: Oh, gosh!

q: What did the Bacon say to the Tomato?
a: What did Bacon say to Tomato?  "Lettuce get together"

q: What do you say if your peeing in Ireland and spot a leprechaun?
a: Urine luck

q: What did "O" said to "Q"?
a: "Dude, your   is hanging out"

q: What do you call a pig behind a car wheel?
a: A ham brake !

q: Why should we call Indians Native Americans?
a: Most of those ones over in Asia have never even been to the States.

q: What do you call an apology written using dots and dashes?
a: Re-morse code

q: How are dildos and tofu alike?
a: They're both meat substitutes.

q: Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon?
a: Great service but no atmosphere.

q: What do you get when you cross France and Britain?
a: Canada.

q: How Many Dragonball Z Characters Does it Take to Screw in a Light-bulb?
a: just one, but it will take 4 episodes.

q: How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. They just beat the room for being black.

q: What does a 12 year old redneck girl say when she loses her virginity?
a: Get off me dad, you're crushing my smokes!

q: were do animals go when their tails fall off?
a: The retail store. Edit: WHERE NOT WERE I'M RETARDED I KNOW :(((((

q: How does a redhead shave his pubes?
a: Gingerly

q: How do you describe people who tell "I see dead people" jokes?
a: They have a sixth sense of humor

q: What do Jews and Snorlax have in common?
a: They always lie

q: What do women and autistic people have in common?
a: They don't know when to shut the fuck up

q: What do Derek Jeter and girls' asses have in common?
a: They're both overrated bags of shit

q: What do women and pennies have in common?
a: They ain't worth shit

q: What tastes great on pie but bad on pussy?
a: Crust

q: What Did The Hard Drive Get When It Wanted Data But Didn't Have The Resources?
a: A Cache-Advance

q: How does Moses make Coffee?
a: Hebrews it.

q: What's a jewish man's favourite song?
a: Tanakh Tanakh Tun

q: What does Patrick Stewart say during tantric sex?
a: "Make it slow."

q: Why did the hipster burn his tung?
a: Because he drank his coffee before it was cool...

q: What did one ISIS member say to another?
a: "IED mubarak.."  

q: How many Duggars does it take to screw a planet?
a: <EOM> ;

q: What's a transvestite's favorite candy?
a: He/she's kisses

q: Why is the new OS from Microsoft called Windows 10?
a: Because 7 ate 9.

q: What is something that you never forget on a field trip?
a: 9/11. 

q: Did you hear about Dictionary: The Musical?
a: It's a play on words...

q: What to brussel sprouts and anal sex have in common?
a: If they are forced on you as a child, you wont enjoy them as much as an adult

q: How can you tell if you're being persecuted by agnostics?
a: You come home to find a question mark burned into your lawn.

q: Why was Mr. Strawberry sad?
a: He was in a Jam. 

q: What do a tuna, a piano, and a pot of glue have in common?
a: You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna!

q: What's the difference between Lance Armstrong and Adolf Hitler?
a: Hitler can't finish a race

q: What do you call a prostitute's vagina?
a: A whorifice.  

q: Know how the iPhone 6+ was invented by men?
a: Only men would call something that measures 5.5 inches, "six plus"

q: What's the best thing about North Korea?
a: The traffic.

q: What is the fluid capacity of Monica Lewinsky's mouth?
a: 1 US Leader.

q: What is the difference between a polar bear and the World Series?
a: One has cubs

q: What does a fisherman say when he catches a fish?
a: His catch-phrase. Short n' Sweet, hope you like it!

q: Why does the spanish dude keep walking left?
a: Because izquierda going right.

q: Why did the lemon go sour?
a: Because it had Lemon-Aids

q: What drug is most destructive with phones?
a: Crack.

q: If women are people, why are they so stupid?
a: Seriously.  Even the smartest and most accomplished women are dumber than the most retarded head lice.

q: What did the left ass cheek say to the right ass cheek?
a: Whose the asshole in the middle.

q: How did the Scottish man find the sheep in the tall grass?
a: Surprisingly pleasing. 

q: Why will you never starve at the beach?
a: Because you can eat all the sand which is there

q: Did you hear they discovered a soda cavemen drank?
a: It's a carbon dated beverage... Good jokes are good

q: You hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
a: He stayed up all night wondering whether or not there was a Dog. 

q: Why do I hear noises?
a: (Teacher) "With all this talking I assume you are done with your work" (Student) "And with all this complaining I assume you're single"

q: Why am I still hearing noises from the class?
a: Because you still have ears, teacher.

q: What's the difference between a horse and a zebra?
a: A lawyer.

q: How did Moses part the Red Sea?
a: He used a Sea-saw.

q: What did the 3D Vector say after making a bad joke?
a: i j k

q: What's white and kills you if it gets in your eye?
a: an aeroplane

q: What did Michael Jackson almost name his daughter?
a: Nata-LEE-HEE!

q: What did one Muslim say to another in a supermarket?
a: Nothing very interesting, they are both completely ordinary members of society who should not be judged based on their ethnic background and skin colour... ...And then the building exploded.  

q: What's the difference between a brothel and a circus?
a: Your mother never ran away to join the circus.

q: What do you call a person with short-term memory loss?
a: I forget...

q: Did you fall from Haven?
a: Me: "Girl, did you fall from heaven?" Her: "Don't even think about it?" Me: "...because Satan did"

q: Today is national Radio day. Do you copy?
a: 10-4 

q: How do you get a homosexual man to have sex with a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt

q: What do you call gay paraplegics?
a: Fruits and vegetables!

q: Why are aroused campers so extreme?
a: I don't know, but they end up fucking in-tents (intense).  Yes, it's a pun, but what else do you expect from me first thing in the morning. 

q: Why do hunters close one eye when they aim?
a: Because they can't see if they close both.

q: Fred has 3 red balls and 5 blue balls in a bag. How many balls does Fred have?
a: 10.

q: What is Shakespeare's favourite snack?
a: Hamlet du fromage

q: Can Feburary March?
a: No. But April May

q: Why don't gay guys go to lesbian bars?
a: Because they can never find a place to sit.

q: do all girls make poopy?
a: if they do, why do men get hard for them?

q: What do you call it when 4 giraffes collide?
a: A giraffic jam!

q: Why does the speech impaired baker say he got fired?
a: He took one too many whisks.

q: Did you hear about that cheese factory that exploded in France??
a: There was nothing left but de Brie.

q: How do we know Jesus turned water into wine at parties?
a: Because if he turned the   into   someone would have kicked the shit out of him.

q: What did the one eyed thief, with a hook for a hand, call the elven princess?
a: Arrrrrrr-wen

q: How long did it take the fish to go to the store?
a: salmon or eight minutes.

q: Why didn't the sailors play cards on the deck?
a: Because the captain was sitting on the top of the deck.

q: Why does homemade bread not make your throat itch?
a: It's made from scratch      

q: Why did the blonde girlfriend's bellybutton hurt?
a: Because her boyfriend was blonde too! Take a second.  I'll show myself out.

q: What does a Middle-Eastern person eat for breakfast?
a: Syria-l

q: Why are crosses not in fashion?
a: They're too God-y

q: What did the Calvinist say after he fell down the stairs?
a: "Well, glad I got that over with."

q: What's the difference between a walrus and a vagina?
a: One has thick whiskers and smells like fish. The others a WALRUS. 

q: What Time Is It?
a: Its time for lunch.

q: What do iPhones eat for breakfast?
a: Siri-al

q: What's Dracula's favorite beer?
a: Bloodweiser

q: What do you call a guy from China who is confused?
a: Disoriented. 

q: What is the dirtiest day of the week?
a: SaTURDay

q: What's the name of that movie about the war horse?
a: War Biscuit

q: Why is a woman lie a hurricane?
a: When she comes she's wet and wild, but when she leaves she takes the house, the car and the kids...

q: Hey, did you hear about the kidnapping?
a: He woke up.

q: What did batman tell robin before they got in the car?
a: Get in the car.

q: What does a food lover do when they try a new food?
a: They CURIOUSLY MASTERCATE.

q: What do you call it when you drown a baby in soda?
a: Infantacide

q: what would Arnold Schwarzenegger say if he was a member of Al Qaeda?
a: GET TO THE VIRGINS

q: How Many Kids With A.D.D Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?? 

q: Do you like Asian Diplomacy jokes?
a: I've been feeding the kids in my political science class a steady diet of Japanese Government jokes.

q: What is better than coming second in the Special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded.  Sorry guys. Poor taste. But it is what it is. 

q: If storks bring babies, what kind of bird doesn't bring any babies?
a: A swollow.

q: Why do bees stay in their hive during Winter?
a: Swarm.

q: What is white and square?
a: A ping pong block.

q: How many midgets does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: I'd be surprised if you could fit two in there 

q: What does a psychologist wear to bed?
a: A Freudian slip.

q: What do you do to an Islamic dog that barks too much?
a: Musl'im

q: What does a barista wear?
a: A cap and chinos.

q: You know the difference between Catholics and Baptists?
a: Catholics will say hello to each other in the liquor store.

q: What does one lesbian pirate say to another lesbian pirate?
a: Scissor me timbers.

q: Why did the cat fall into the well?
a: Because he couldn't see that well. 

q: How do NASA organize a party?
a: They planet

q: Why did the blonde have lipstick all over her steering wheel?
a: She was trying to blow the horn

q: Do you want to know where the best place to buy drugs is?
a: High Street of course!

q: Why did the dead baby cross the road?
a: It was attached to my bumper...

q: What do you call a flea on the moon?
a: A lunartick.

q: Why did the hobbit go vegan?
a: Because MEAT IS MORDOR!

q: What do you call a mexican with no legs?
a: consuelo

q: Why do African casinos always go out of business?
a: Because there's too many cheetahs.

q: Did you know Princess Di had dandruff?
a: Yeah, they found her head and shoulders in the dashboard.

q: Have you guys heard of the movie constipation?
a: No, that's because it hasn't come out yet.

q: Do you know what the difference between pink and purple is?
a: Your grip. 

q: Why do Canadians do it doggy style?
a: So they can both watch the hockey game.

q: Why can't black people be virgins?
a: Because they're born fucked.

q: Where did the "what's updog?" joke come from?
a: I've been hearing this shitty joke around town quite frequently as of late. I know it's been around for a while but where the f did it come from? I know I heard it on "The Office" a while ago but some people say it's older. What's the deal?

q: How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia?
a: It's in bread

q: Ebola is in Dallas?
a: At least the Dallas Cowboys don't have to worry about it. They can't catch anything. 

q: Why did Microsoft skip from Windows 8 to 10?
a: Because Windows 7 ate 9!!! :D

q: Easy way to earn karma points on /r/jokes?
a: Options are: 1) Crack a witty comment 2) Link to  3) Submit a damn joke and the answer is.....drumroll...... just reply with a "whoosh", simple!

q: What's the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
a: A fruit doesn't need a wheelchair

q: Why do Europeans hate American food?
a: Europeans don't want to die yet. Unlike Americans who don't wanna diet.

q: What do you call batman when he misses church?
a: Christian Bail

q: Did you hear the one about the guy who got two tickets to the Cuckold Convention?
a: His wife ended up taking someone else. 

q: Why did the amoeba flunk the math test?
a: Because it multiplied by dividing.

q: How much do dirty deeds cost again?
a: -Malcolm Young

q: Why has Mexico never won olympic gold?
a: All those who can run, jump and swim are in Texas.

q: How did the mathematician get rid of his constipation?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: Want to hear a joke about a man suffering from constipation?
a: Tough shit.

q: Do you know The perfect system to avoid condom accident ?
a: The perfect system to avoid condom accident, use double condom with chilly powder in between, if outer breaks she will know , if inner breaks u will know.

q: Guy: Can I buy you a drink?
a: Girl: Sorry, but alcohol is bad for my legs. Guy: Do they swell? Girl: No. They spread

q: What do you call a professional skittles player on the internet with a life-threatening disease?
a: E-Bowler.

q: Why is the next Windows version 10?
a: Because 7 8 9

q: What's the Italian version of Preparation-H?
a: Innuend-O

q: Why did the man with a stammer never get out of jail?
a: He couldn't finish his sentence. 

q: What did Dr. Frankenstein say when his monster showed up for the ball?
a: You look quite put-together this evening.

q: What did Abe Lincoln say when he was arrested?
a: I'm-in-a-cent!

q: What do you call a laughing mayonnaise?
a: lmayo ahh

q: Why is the new version called Windows 10?
a: Because 7 ate 9. 

q: What do you call a know-it-all Mexican?
a: A Solution Manuel

q: How many college guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they prefer Natural Light

q: So why is the latest Windows OS called 10?
a: Because 

q: Why don't native Americans like snow?
a: We don't like anything white on our land.

q: What's black and white and goes on eight wheels?
a: A nun on roller skates. - kills self

q: Why did Microsoft skip to Windows 10?
a: Because 7 8 9.

q: Why did Adrian Peterson sign with the Minnesota Twins?
a: Because they needed a switch-hitter.

q: What Operating System does a Redditor use?
a: Fedora Linux!

q: You know why people insisted on calling the Higgs Boson for "the God particle"?
a: Because since the Higgs Boson gives mass to tiny particles, they imagined that it had to be a tiny priest.

q: Why is there no Windows 9?
a: Because 7 8 9.

q: Why did Microsoft jump from Windows 8 to Windows 10?
a: Because Windows 7, 8  9.....

q: Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine?
a: because 7 8 9

q: What do you can a pessimistic antelope?
a: A cantaloupe

q: What do you get when you cross a lima bean with a Soviet?
a: A Lenintil...

q: What does an 80 yr old lady have between her tits that an 18 yr old woman doesn't have?
a: A bellybutton

q: What was eating away at the computer's RAM storage?
a: I don't know, but it was going at it one byte at a time.

q: [OC] Hey, Reddit. Wanna hear a joke about a defective condom?
a: Actually, never mind. You pricks would probably just poke holes in it.

q: Why is it called the 3/5 compromise?
a: Because it is only 2/5 solution.

q: What color does your skin turn when you pour molten gold onto it?
a: Au-burn

q: What's the difference between a black man and batman?
a: Batman can go a day without robin.

q: What is the name of your Russian coworker you see the next day?
a: C. U. Tomorov

q: What do you call a Batman that skips church?
a: Christian Bale

q: Do you know what the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean is?
a: I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.

q: In what direction do five gay guys walk?
a: One Direction

q: Wanna hear a joke about potassium?
a: K

q: Why did Jesus go to a Candy shop?
a: To Test a Mint

q: What's worst than a dead baby in a trash can?
a: A dead baby in three trash cans.

q: Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road?
a: To get to the dark side...

q: Why can you not hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
a: Because the 'P' is silent. 

q: Is that a tongue ring?
a: No... my mouth is just liftin weights

q: Why were there no black people in the Flintstones?
a: Because they were still considered monkeys.

q: Why was the little mountain dying?
a: Because he was terminally hill.

q: What kind of woman are the most irrational?
a: The ones with the golden proportions!

q: Whats the difference between a zombie and baby?
a: A zombie may eat your brains, but a baby kills your dreams.

q: Are you saying that if I shoot you with a pistol, you won't get hurt?
a: Why don't you give it a shot?

q: [Bad joke] How does a Marine like his eggs?
a: Semper-fried! (Bring on the booings and the beatings)

q: What did Hitler smoke?
a: The Jews.

q: What's the difference between a dead prostitute and a Ferrari?
a: I don't have a Ferrari in my garage. 

q: What is the tastiest liquid in a fruit?
a: The IV Drip

q: [warning: Dad joke] What country has the most internet crimes?
a: E-gypt

q: Hey, want to play the rape game?
a: No?  That's the spirit!

q: What is green and slimy and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the frog's finger... 

q: Why did the koala fall out of the tree?
a: It was dead.

q: Why do Computer Scientists always mix up Halloween and Christmas?
a: Because OCT 31 = DEC 25!

q: [OC] What do you call a Latino on a bike?
a: Juan less car (one less car)

q: Why can't the bicycle stand on its own?
a: Because it's two-tired

q: Why are there only 49 Miss Black America contestants?
a: ..Because none of them want to be Miss. Idaho

q: Are you feeling sluggish and tired? Constantly yawning throughout your day?
a: There's a nap for that!

q: What's ET short for...?
a: Because he's got little legs. 

q: Why do so many lunatics have ear infections?
a: Because they're ear-rash-ional.

q: What did Tony Abbott (Prime minister of Australia) do with the half-eaten banana?
a: He re-peeled it.

q: Did you hear about the barefoot bridegroom?
a: He got cold feet.

q: Are humans closer to the size of an atom or the Earth?
a: An atom. We are only about 2 metres bigger than an atom, but about 12,472 kilometres smaller than the Earth!

q: What kind of soup do men have after sex?
a: Split pee

q: How do you get a baby into a shoebox?
a: A. With a blender. Q. How do you get a baby out of a shoebox? A. With a straw.

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac with an agnostic and a dyslexic?
a: A person who stays up at night, wondering if there's a dog.

q: Did you hear Donald Sterling is having a child?
a: Paula Dean is the mother.

q: What do you call your disabled study-buddy?
a: Your cerebral pal-sy.

q: Want to hear a joke about black people?
a: Never mind it won't work

q: Did you hear about the Chinese guy who sued his wife for giving him ugly children?
a: She'd had cosmetic surgery before they'd met and never told him, then they got married and had a couple of children who obviously had some of the biological features of their mother. after losing the case the mother said she would have gotten away with it too if it hadn't been for those meddling kids.

q: How do you make an epileptic dance?
a: Throw a flashbang into the room.

q: What time do philosophers like to visit the shopping mall?
a: At the Schopenhauer. 

q: What's the main problem with Wookie steaks?
a: They're a little Chewie. (Edit: Wookiee***)

q: What do Yoko Ono and African children have in common?
a: They both survive on dead beatles (beetles).

q: Why did the thalidomide man get stopped going through customs?
a: He was caught in the possession of small arms

q: Did you guys hear about the fight in the bathroom?
a: Two bums got wiped

q: Why is the all-seeing eye the symbol of the occult?
a: Because they want us all under super-vision!

q: Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers?
a: Math hue.

q: Why is Oedipus against profanity?
a: He kisses his mother with that mouth

q: Did you hear the score of the Germany Vs Ethiopia game?
a: Germany 8, Ethiopia didn't.

q: What do you call a kitten crying on the grass in the back yard?
a: A lawn mewer. (I wrote this yesterday).

q: A skink and a skunk had a baby what did they call it?
a: Bustamante.  After the grandfather.

q: Do you know what one ocean said to the other ocean?
a: Nothing, they just waved. sea what i did there? I'm shore you got it come on, dont be a beach

q: Why doesn't the postal worker's wife have sex with him on his day off?
a: Because mail men don't come on Sundays.  

q: What do you call it when an amputee does Karate?
a: Partial Arts! :)

q: How was the Grand Canyon created?
a: A Jew lost a penny (incoming angry comments)

q: Why did the dick go to 7-11?
a: Q: Why did the dick go to 7-11?  A: To get a Slurpee.

q: What do you get when you mix human DNA with zebra DNA?
a: Well, kicked out of the zoo for starters. 

q: What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common?
a: The Wall was both their last big hit. 

q: Where can i learn the skyrim dovah language and daedric too?
a: In the complete opposite direction of a vagina.

q: Which is an Islamic trait?
a: A.heading B.heading C.heading

q: What is the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Michael Phelps can actually finish a race...

q: Ever had a yellow snowcone?
a: Urine for a treat!

q: What is jon snow's favourite slang?
a: IDK

q: What do you call a Spanish soccer player with no legs?
a: Grassy-ass

q: What is the difference between Spiderman and Superman?
a: Peter Parker can swing a web. Clark Kent.

q: Why does sweden have so many somalis?
a: They have a pirate bay......

q: How bacteria stay in contact while they're in jail?
a: They exchange cell numbers.

q: How can you tell if your "designer clothes" are made in China?
a: If they look fabric-cated Very bad, I know.    "This is why we don't have friends!!"   

q: Which purse runs from the law?
a: Disburse!

q: You know what's messed up to find at the bottom of a jar of mayonnaise?
a: A condom. haha

q: Have you ever played AD Soraka?
a: It's bananas!

q: If you take the D out of Devil what do you get?
a: D

q: What do you do if you are driving your car in central Manhattan and you see a space man?
a: Park in it, of course.

q: How did little Hitler tie his shoes?
a: With little Nazis.

q: Why is Man Utd's chemistry lacking?
a: Because they are held together by weak van den Gaal's forces.

q: why did the bird-shit did not fall on the man standing under the tree right under the parrot?
a: the bird was wearing underpants.

q: How did Kanye West ask Kim Kardashian to marry him ??
a: "will i marry you?"

q: How did Hitler like his orange juice?
a: Concentrated.

q: What do a common garbage can and Leonardo DiCaprio have in common?
a: No Oscar!

q: What's black and runny?
a: Usain Bolt.

q: How do polish people show gratitude?
a: They say thansk.

q: What would you call an EDM producer on a flagpole?
a: Datsik but not dat well.

q: What do I get when u heat up sour cream?
a: Just cream, it's not sour. -told me to by a friend. AP

q: Why do they make condoms with ribs?
a: So you can get traction in the mud.

q: What do a redneck divorce and a burning meth lab have in common?
a: Someone's losing a trailer.

q: What is a jew's favourite bread?
a: Shabbat-a

q: What do you call the reasoning behind mexican murderers?
a: Locomotives

q: Did you hear the one about Stevie Wonder?
a: Neither did he

q: How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach?
a: It's not hard.

q: How do you kill a one legged Fox?
a: Make him run across Canada

q: How do you call people that are always squinting at you?
a: Asians

q: What is a chiropractor's favorite chemical element?
a: Knee-on!

q: What's the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
a: Rooster goes CockaDOODLEDOOO!! Prostitute goes AnyCOCKLEDOOO!! (Such an old joke maybe some of these young redditors have never heard it ;)

q: Did you see the frog perform in the opera last night?
a: Why yes, she was absolutely ribbeting.

q: Q. How do you make a dead baby float?
a: A. 1 scoop of ice cream and 2 scoops of dead baby.

q: How do you poison a hipster?
a: Gluten 

q: What did the collard green do when his favorite song came on the radio?
a: He got turnip

q: What did Japan say when it heard the US had an atomic bomb?
a: Did you make that Fermi?

q: What do you call Keanu Reeves when he served under Hitler?
a: A Neo Nazi.

q: Wanna hear a Joke?
a: Women's rights...

q: Did you hear about the new mobile dating app for pedophiles?
a: Kinder.

q: Did you hear about the angry pancake!?
a: Well one day he  !!!

q: Why did the crowd watch the man futily attempt to blend oil and water for hours on end?
a: It was unmiscible.

q: What was Roe v. Wade really about?
a: The fastest way to get across a river.

q: What's the best part about living in Switzerland?
a: Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.

q: What's the difference between love and herpes?
a: Herpes last forever.

q: What do you call someone who sings about mints?
a: A "Minstrel".

q: What do you get if you cross history and a cow?
a: A moo-suem.

q: Which space on a Battleship grid guarantees victory?
a: I1

q: What does a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common?
a: In the end, someone is going to lose a trailer.

q: Two Scottish cows in a field, what one is on holiday?
a: The one with the wee calf.

q: what version of Windows does Jesus use?
a: XP

q: What do you call a white duck?
a: A quacker

q: Why do blondes have more fun?
a: They're easier to find in the dark.

q: Whats the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus?
a: It only takes 1 nail to hang the painting.

q: How long does it take Putin to give his car an oil change?
a: Nyet long. He's always Russian.

q: Why did jesus take 3 days to resurrect?
a: He got hammered with his buddies.

q: What's the difference between the Foo Fighters and Nickleback?
a: Nickleback sucks.

q: Have you heard about all the decapitations happening in the Middle East right now?
a: I certainty won't beheading their anytime soon! -wink-

q: How do mathematicians cure constipation?
a: They work it out with a pencil.

q: Three men walk into a bar, what's missing?
a: The joke! Usually one would introduce this one with: "I'm gonna tell you a joke" - but since we are in   here, the setup should be ok.

q: Have you heard about the new IPhone 6?
a: I guess it's got people all bent out of shape.

q: What's 6" long, bent to the left, and in the front of my pants??
a: My iPhone 6.

q: Have you heard about the pussy that opens beer bottles?
a: Here's a bottle opener, go get me a beer.

q: What do you call an Irishman sitting on your veranda?
a: Patty O'Furniture.

q: Why did the trout go to med school?
a: Mounting pressure from his friends and family

q: What happened to the Pope when he went to mount Olive?
a: Popeye kicked his ass.

q: Why did the elephant paint his balls green?
a: Answer: to hide in avocado trees.. How did Tarzan die? Answer: Picking avocados

q: What STD does a hip black man get?
a: Kool-AIDs

q: What's the difference between a nuclear reactor and a woman?
a: Inserting a rod into the reactor turns it off.

q: How many cops does it take to push a black guy down the stairs?
a: None, he 'fell'.

q: The difference between an European that feels fat and an American that feels the same?
a: The European goes to the gym, the American goes to Jim's.

q: What do you call a computer that only plays sad songs?
a: Adele

q: What did Abraham Lincoln say after a three-day drinking spree?
a: "I freed the what?"

q: What do you call an illegitimate fish who crapped itself?
a: A bassturd

q: Why did the Rabbi stop buying beer?
a: Hebrewed his own

q: Why do soccer players not play in the rain?
a: It makes their makeup run.

q: What do you use to check your cell from across the room?
a: A telephono lens. 

q: Did you hear about the Nirvana tribute act?
a: They played some original songs yesterday. One was called 'Smells Like Kurt's Spirit'. 

q: Glass coffins - will they catch on?
a: Remains to be seen!

q: What is the worst kind of vegetable to run a country?
a: A penis shaped potato. Its a dick-tater. 

q: How do you keep a blonde waiting?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow.

q: Why did the terrorist's post make it to the front page of reddit?
a: Because it blew up.

q: What do you call a Dr. that shares your medical history with everyone?
a: a HIPAAcrite

q: What do you call a cheap cicumsicion?
a: A rip off

q: How do you piss off thousands of people on the internet all at once?
a: [deleted] 

q: What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a Harley Davidson?
a: The vacuum has the dirtbag on the inside.

q: What do you call a floating penis?
a: space junk

q: What do Vikings call the people that cut their hair?
a: Barberians.

q: Have you heard about the new wine from Israel?
a: Connossieurs are praising its distinctive nose.

q: Why do Zelda and Link smoke weed?
a: Because they live in the kingdom where the hyrule.

q: What separates the men from the boys?
a: Operation Yewtree. 

q: What Do You Call a Terrible German Hot-dog Stand Owner?
a: The Wurst Guy.

q: One for the scientists of Reddit: What does a posh duck say?
a: Quark.

q: Why did the jewish boy's ghost costume only have one eye hole?
a: His dad didn't want to buy him a new sheet. 

q: Did you hear about the woman who gave birth in her 50's?
a: You haven't?  Oh, wait...that's right.... that's because they can't. (Menopause) Ha.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and Sasha Grey?
a: The look on their face while being nailed. 

q: How do you make a pheromone?
a: Let his people go!

q: Who do fish listen to when they want to hear some dubstep?
a: Krillex.

q: What's Hitler's favorite video game?
a: Mein Kraft

q: How many tickles does it take for an octopus to laugh?
a: Tentickles.

q: What does one tectonics plate say to another after an earthquake?
a: It's not your fault.

q: If you wore corduroy to a job interview, what kind of an impression would you leave?
a: I feel like this is a great setup, but I can't think of a punchline. Any help, reddit?

q: What do you call a tree if you don't know what kind of tree it is?
a: It's a mystery.

q: How do you know who in the room is a vegetarian?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: What does a drama student do while stuck in math class?
a: She Cos(plays)

q: What do you call five Mexicans on the bottom of a pool?
a: Sinko :D

q: What is ISIS's favorite type of text?
a: Is the answer: A: Heading B: Heading C: Heading

q: What happened when the cow jumped over the barbed wire fence?
a: Utter destruction.

q: What do you call a zoo that only has one dog?
a: A shit-zoo.

q: Why did Al Gore get nipple rings?
a: because he heard George Bush had a dick cheney 

q: What will be after homo sapiens in evolution?
a: Homo genius. 

q: What do you call a group of rabbits, standing single file, hopping backwards?
a: A receding hare line!

q: Why do circumcised men lack Jedi brethren?
a: The procedure removes their force-kin. 

q: Who's the artist you find in the supermarket?
a: Salvador Deli

q: What did the fish say when it ran into a wall?
a: Dam!!

q: What do you call a flannel cat?
a: A Plaid-A-Pus

q: What do lesbians in Alaska sing?
a: What would you do ew ew in a Klondike bar.

q: What is the difference between my dick and my life?
a: Life is harder.

q: Why can't witches get pregnant?
a: Because all their husbands have Halloween-ies!

q: How do black people get tans at the beach?
a: They lay down on their backs and put their legs and arms toward the sky.

q: What do you call a legless man at the beach during high tide?
a: Fucked. 

q: What's the difference between a clever child and a rude marathoner?
a: One's a cunning runt...

q: What is Jasmine Tridevil's (girl with 3 boobs), favorite type of cake?
a: Tres Leches!

q: Did you hear about the court ruling on the grammar Nazi who did the double-murder?
a: He got a compound sentence.

q: What do you call Mike Tyson without any arms?
a: Whatever you want

q: What do you call an army tow-truck?
a: Camotow

q: What shakes at the bottom of the ocean?
a: A nervous wreck.

q: Why did the picture plead innocent at the trial?
a: It was framed.

q: What do you call a bee that was born in the USA?
a: USB

q: Have you ever gotten shampoo in your mouth while singing in the shower?
a: Turns into a real Soap Opera.

q: How did the astrologer cross the road?
a: In his Taurus!

q: How can you tell if a lesbian is butch?
a: She kick starts her vibrator and rolls her own tampons :D

q: Why do all kids with down syndrome look like they came from the same father?
a: And the shuttle to hell is boarding if anyone cares to join me....

q: What do you call a fish with three eyes?
a: fiiish. (works when spoken :-/)

q: Do I have any jokes about Sodium?
a: Na

q: What did the buffalo say when his son left for college?
a: Bison.

q: Whats the worst part about Crabgrass?
a: It's Not Lobster.

q: What do a piece of tuperware and a walrus have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal.

q: What do you call a man with a spade in his head?
a: Doug.

q: What is Superman's favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
a: A Bag-El

q: What do you call someone who hates browsing the web with Google?
a: A Chromophobe.

q: What's wrinkly and hangs out your pants?
a: Your mother. 

q: Why did Jack get a restraining order?
a: Beanstalking. 

q: What's the difference between Swine flu, and Bird flu?
a: one requires 'oinkment' and the other needs 'tweetment'. i'm sorry.

q: What does a duck and a bicycle have in common?
a: They both have handlebars. Well,  except for the duck.

q: What does a gay guy call a sausage fest?
a: Feeding Frenzy.

q: wanna hear a joke about my dick?
a: nevermind its too long

q: Has anybody ever seen the Grapefruit technique video?
a: I heard it was directed by Phil Atio.

q: Does the obama phone ring?
a: or does it tell the person calling that they can just assume yes to whatever they were calling about?

q: Why is Halloween a crackheads' favourite holiday?
a: Only two more sleeps til' Christmas!

q: What's the only living organ in a corpse?
a: This dick.

q: Why can't bikes stand up on their own?
a: They are two tired.

q: Why did god give Women legs?
a: So they didn't leave slug trails. My father told me that when I was 8 years old.

q: How do you turn chicken masala into chicken marsala?
a: Have a pirate cook it...they always add an "arrr"...

q: what does the chicken give you?
a: Teacher: "Kids,what does the chicken give you?" Student: "Meat!" Teacher: "Very good! Now what does the pig give you?" Student: "Bacon!" Teacher: "Great! And what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"

q: What do you call a watchful potato?
a: A spectater.

q: Do you know which End she was talking about?
a: My teacher pointed me with her ruler and declared that at the end of her ruler is an idiot. I was suspended for a week for just asking which end!

q: What do you call a dog that goes through your stuff?
a: Snoop dog.

q: Did you hear about the fugitive midget psychic?
a: He's a small medium at large.

q: How do you keep a bunch of redditors in suspense?
a: I'll post the punchline later.

q: What did Robin Williams do when he got to his office early?
a: He hung around until his assistant arrived

q: What do you do when you're attacked by a group of clowns?
a: Go for the juggler

q: What's Alderaan's main export?
a: Dead bodies.

q: Do you know what you call a nickle and a penny?
a: The Sixth Cents

q: Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet?
a: They're stuck at C for years

q: The heart wants what it wants, y'know?
a: On an unrelated topic, I'm not allowed in Petco anymore.

q: Why are gay guy's houses so clean?
a: Because they are so anal!

q: What's it called when Batman leaves the church early?
a: Christian Bale

q: How much do I use my new lamp?
a: It's often on! 

q: Q:What happens when your GF illegally downloads a movie?
a: A:She becomes PirateBae  

q: Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
a: They're always taking things...literally.

q: What do you call a valley girl giving a blowjob for louis vuittons?
a: Head over heels 

q: Did you hear the Vikings traded Adrian Peterson?
a: They traded him to the Minnesota Twins because the Twins needed a Switch Hitter.

q: What do the French call a bad Thursday?
a: A tra-jeudi.

q: Did you know Captain Kirk has three ears?
a: Left ear, right ear... and final front ear.

q: What do you call a person who helps teach others to fart?
a: A tooter. (thanks, honey)

q: What do you call it when alpacas with speech impediments take over Earth?
a: The Alpacalisp.

q: What do you call a queer redneck?
a: A confederate fag. 

q: What do you do for a frog with a belly ache?
a: Rubbit.

q: What did the disgruntled alien customer say to the store clerk?
a: Take me to your leader!

q: Why arent there any French Restaurants in Davy Jones Locker?
a: Dead men sell no snails!

q: Have you heard Adrian peterson used to play baseball?
a: He might play for the twins this year. Apparently he is a switch hitter. 

q: Why was the haunted mansion self conscious?
a: Because it got a lot of creepy stairs.  FML.

q: How do scientists celebrate Pirate Day?
a: They get their Aaargh-On!

q: How much do pirates pay for piercings?
a: A buccaneer!

q: What's the difference between a wide receiver and Ray Rice's wife?
a: The NFL will review the tape of the wide receiver getting hit

q: What did the libertarian shirt say when it was thrown into the washing machine?
a: AM I BEING DE-STAINED?!

q: What did Luke Skywalker get for his 16th birthday?
a: A Toy-Yoda

q: The best pirate joke(in your best pirate voice): What is a pirates favorite letter?
a: Every body says its the "R" but it is actually the "C."

q: What is a cat's favorite alcoholic beverage?
a: Boxed wine, obviously. 

q: Why did the pirate with the eye patch drown?
a: Because he had no depth perception.

q: What did the pirate say about the steering wheel in his pants?
a: "Arrg, it's driving me nuts!"

q: What do gynecologists and pizza delivery drivers have in common?
a: They're close enough to smell it, but can't have a taste. 

q: What do you call the gay couple who are both named Bob?
a: Oral Roberts!

q: What do fat people call the runs?
a: The walks

q: How do you make a cat go woof?
a: Paraffin and matches.

q: Where does a pirate keep his gold?
a: In his treas-arrrr chest!

q: How would a pirate describe navigating Reddit on Talk like a Pirate Day?
a: Arduous.

q: What did the Pirate say on his birthday?
a: Ayy Matey

q: How do you know you're speaking with an engineer?
a: Don't worry they'll tell you.

q: What do you call an Irish woman who stays out all night?
a: Patty O'Furniture

q: Did you see the guy who didn't have a right hand?
a: No, he left

q: What's a pirates favorite place to eat?
a: Arrrrrrrrrbyyyyssss

q: What do Porsche and Apple have in common?
a: New product, same design.

q: How do pirates know that they exist?
a: They think, therefore they arrrr

q: What's big, Scottish and depressing?
a: Scotland

q: Did you hear Adrian Peterson is trying out for the MLB?
a: Apparently he's one hell of a switch hitter.

q: Why did the black chicken cross the road?
a: It was being chased by the kluck kluck klan

q: Heard of the man who banged an ATM?
a: He came into a lot of money

q: Which antivirus program does a pirate use?
a: , ye mateys!

q: Why are Pirates pirates???
a: Because they ARRRRR

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Gary Glitter?
a: 10 "number 1's" and a not guilty verdict 

q: What is the difference between Will Smith and Scotland ?
a: Independence Day

q: what do you call female-to-male sexual reassignment surgery?
a: an addadicktomy

q: How many Scots didn't turn up to vote?
a: One in Fife

q: What has 200 teeth and holds back Godzilla?
a: My zipper

q: What did the hobo say to the prostitute?
a: Hey girl, I'd sleep in that box.

q: What type of jeans do the Mario Brothers wear?
a: Denim denim denim

q: What do you call a poodle that serves coffee?
a: A Bark-ista! I said a bark-ista Coral.

q: Why does the boy could not bend his knees?
a: because he had no knees

q: What's the hardest thing about being a vegan crossfitter who went to Harvard?
a: Figuring out what to tell you about first.

q: What did the recent Sunni convert says about ISIS?
a: They really scared the Shiite outa me!

q: Why is there so little Puerto Rican literature?
a: Because the spray paint can wasn't invented until 1949.

q: Why was the Human Torch arrested?
a: He had firearms. 

q: What's your favorite "I just hurt myself or messed up" phrase?
a: Like, oh fuck! Oh shit! TITTY SPRINKLESSSSSSS

q: What do you call a zoo with only one dog in it?
a: A shitzoo.

q: What is an epileptics favourite food?
a: Seizure Salad

q: What do Nicki Minaj and Santa have in common?
a: Hoe, hoe, hoe.

q: What do you call a line of men waiting to get a hair cut?
a: A barbecue

q: Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium are dating?
a: OMg

q: Have you heard of the object without mass?
a: It doesn't matter

q: The most scientific pet?
a: The lab.

q: What is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night?
a: A stillborn

q: How many Jihadists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Allah them.   (I googled several varations and thus far I believe I am the originator)

q: What's the difference between spider man and superman?
a: peter parker can shoot webs. clark kent.

q: what do you call a clan of barbarians you cant see?
a: invisigoths

q: Did you hear about the NASCAR driver who went the wrong way around the track?
a: It turned out to be all right.

q: What's Italian Alzheimer's sound like?
a: "Whoa! fuggodaboutit!"

q: What is the good thing about Alzheimer's disease?
a: That you get to meet new people everyday!

q: What was the pedophile's favourite drink?
a: The milkshake, because it brought all the boys to his yard

q: What do you call two lesbians in a closet?
a: Licker cabinet.

q: What did the cannibal do to his girlfriend?
a: Eat her out.

q: Why are catholic priests so Eco-friendly?
a: Zero emissions. 

q: why don't blondes make good cowgirls?
a: they can't keep their calves together

q: Why did the train go left?
a: Cause it couldn't get on the right track. I made that joke when I was little and remembered it today, might as well post it.

q: What do they say about the blind prostitute?
a: You really gotta hand it to her. 

q: what's for breakfast?
a: two little boys are sitting at the kitchen table. the mom says to one "what do you want for breakfast?"the boy says "bitch! make me some muthafucken pancakes!" the mom goes crazy and beat the shit out of him and sends him to his room. she turn to the other boy and says "what do you want for breakfast?" the boy says "you bet your sweet ass I don't want no fucking pancakes!"

q: Who should of gotten asphalt?
a: Cleopatra. 

q: what's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub?
a: a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.

q: What's a horses' favorite hip-hop dance?
a: The neigh-neigh.

q: Did you hear about the lesbian couple who couldn't afford a double-headed dildo?
a: They were having trouble making ends meet

q: Why isn't anyone afraid of China?
a: ....Because everyone knows General Tsao's chicken. Heard from a friend today. :)

q: Know how I know I am getting laid tonight...?
a: Because I am stronger than you.

q: Why was the fisherman wealthy and prosperous?
a: Because he was a master-baiter.

q: Why do trees shed their leaves in fall?
a: Because they've had their chloro-fill.

q: How did Captain Hook die?
a: Jock itch.

q: Which chemical compound are you most likely to find at a frat party?
a: Hydrogen  mide.

q: What did the alphabet have before it took a shit?
a: A vowel movement.

q: Why did Bilbo Baggins die with a Erection?
a: Because old hobbits die hard. (Just a different Punchline)

q: What do you call an Italian with one arm?
a: Speech impaired.

q: What did the Jew say to the homeless man?
a: Could you spare some change?

q: How do you shut an Italian up?
a: Tie his hands behind his back

q: How do you know you're talking to a sales guy?
a: He says "I'm not a sales guy".

q: What do you call the debut of a new beer?
a: A saison premiere! 

q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb.. ?
a: Just Juan!

q: What Do you Call a Bowler that drops his ball a lot?
a: Gutterfingers!

q: What is a dog's favorite candy?
a: Feces pieces

q: What did the physicist say to the depressed hippy?
a: "There's no such thing as negative energy" 

q: What do you call a hairpiece on an Asian guy?
a: ...an Oriental Rug.

q: Why aren't there any black magicians?
a: Because magic is stupid.

q: Why couldn't the glue hold the walls together?
a: Because it wasn't ceiling.

q: Why did the dog feel insecure in her bathing suit?
a: She was a little husky.

q: How do you put a condom on a elephant?
a: You take the c out of ice and the f out of weigh.

q: Why was the Ancient Egyptian boy confused?
a: His daddy was a mummy

q: What did Jesus want when he appeared on a piece of toast?
a: Miracle whip. 

q: What do you get when you take Viagra with an iron supplement?
a: an erection that points north.

q: What did Tennessee?
a: ...the same thing Arkansas

q: What happened when Jesus went to mount Olive?
a: Popeye fucking smacked him one.

q: What did the ant say when he walked into the insurance office?
a: Insure ants?

q: Why did Bilbo Baggins live for so long?
a: Because old Hobbits die hard...

q: What do you use to make boot soup?
a: Birkenstock

q: What's the best thing about having sex with twenty six year olds?
a: There's twenty of them. (Works better in spoken format, I know)

q: Did you hear about the man from the experimental group that was arrested?
a: He was out of control.

q: How Much Food did Soviet Ukraine Need in the Early 1930s?
a: A whole-lot-more

q: Did you hear about the man who was dared to eat a spoonful of curry powder?
a: He did it and instantly began coughing up blood and falling over the place, before vomiting, passing out and tragically slipping into a Korma. 

q: Why do Muslims hate Hitler?
a: My friend told me this 'joke' after he found out I was Muslim.  Him: Why do Muslims hate Hitler? Me: Why? Him: He didn't kill ALL the Jews.

q: what did cinderella do when she got to the ball?
a: gag...

q: why doesn't mexico have an olympic team?
a: because everybody that can run, swim or jump in in the united states...

q: How do you get an elephant into a Safeway?
a: You take the S out of SAFE and you take the F out of WAY

q: Have you heard the joke about Whole Foods?
a: It was so bad it made me sustainably groan.

q: Who says German has no humor?
a: One of the main articles was about Hitler and his dog, Blondi. Another debated the ease of electronic burglar alarms over the hassle of owning a German Shepherd. A third, illustrated with the picture of a lavishly pruned poodle, analyzed "The phenomenology of slutty poodles: the role of dogs in the sex trade."

q: What do you call a Bull that masturbates?
a: Beef Stroganoff 

q: Have you heard of the annual ginger meeting?
a: It's petty unknown, last time not a single soul came.

q: Did you guys here the Twins signed Adrian Peterson?
a: Word is they needed a switch hitter...

q: Why do nymphomaniacs like submarines?
a: Because they're long, hard and full of seamen.

q: Whats the ISIS members' astrological sign?
a: Sad terrorist 

q: Junkie grandson : Grandma,grandma did you see my pills I left on the table ?
a: Grandma: F*ck the pills,did you see those dragons in the kitchen ?

q: What do you call the next generation of motherboard?
a: A daughterboard. 

q: Who does the Metric Cult worship?
a: ...Demetre.

q: Why did the Jedi kill his master?
a: To get to the other side.   ...Told by my brother last night

q: Where do cars get the most flat tyres?
a: Where there is a fork in the road. This and other tyre jokes here: 

q: why does traditional Irish chili only have 239 beans in it?
a: ...if it had one more, it would be "teew faarty"

q: What is ISIS' favourite file type?
a: .exe

q: What's small, round, and blue?
a: A cranberry holding its breath. 

q: What do you call 12 enchiladas?
a: A footilada!

q: Why should you buy Adrian Peterson sun screen?
a: Because it is very strong at beating the son.

q: Why is it dark in Skeletor's castle?
a: Because He-Man has the power.

q: What did the Physics professor say to the fat kid in school?
a: "You've got a lot of potential!"

q: What did the author of The Lord Of The Rings say after he completed his books?
a: If you like dialogue, theres a whole lot of Tolkein.

q: House do you know termites aren't lesbians?
a: They like to eat wood. Drunk at a bar and just made this joke myself, unless somebody already made it, in which case, cheers to the individual who thinks like me.

q: What do you use to wipe off a table after breakfast?
a: A ragamuffin. Knew it was a dadjoke as soon as I saw my 9 year old roll his eyes.

q: What's the smallest thing in the universe?
a: A pebble caught between the wrinkle of a flea's ball.

q: How many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb?
a: Only one, but... It takes the entire ER department to get it back out. 

q: What do you have to do to have beautiful hands?
a: Nothing.

q: Why is it so difficult to convict a redneck?
a: Because they all have the same DNA and no dental records.

q: What is the flattest surface to iron your jeans on?
a: ...a white girl's ass! (I AM a white girl, BTW, so don't start with me about racism).

q: What are you looking for buddy?
a: Normal day at the office, when one guy notices his coworker distraught. He goes over to his cubicle and sees him looking for something on the floor. They spend half an hour looking for it, when the guy starts picking his nose: 

q: Did you hear about the proctologists collectible Corvettes?
a: He wrecked em'. 

q: Did you here about the funny looking desert font?
a: They call it comic sands

q: What do you a pterodactyl that can't fly?
a: Inosaur.

q: What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus?
a: You only need one nail for the picture!

q: Where do Chinese babies come from?
a: Vachina 

q: What do you say when a Canadian won't listen to you?
a: He'll have Nunavut

q: how many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
a: None

q: Why is Ian Thorpe gay?
a: He didn't like breast stroke.

q: Why are manhole covers round?
a: Because manholes are round

q: When is a man up and coming ?
a: when he`s f*cking in an elevator. (ED.S)

q: What did the Atlantic say to the Pacific?
a: Nothing. It just waved.

q: What do call a bunch of white people on a bench?
a: The NBA

q: What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable?
a: Fitting the wheelchair in the oven.

q: What does a dyslectic, agnostic, insomniac think about at night?
a: Is there really a dog. Dog lover joke.

q: Why are the corners the warmest part of every house?
a: Because they're 90 degrees!

q: What do you call a small Mexican?
a: A paragraph. 

q: Why did the Jews hate the holocaust?
a: Because it "caust" them 6 million.

q: What did the author say when he added a chapter about flour to a story about soup?
a: The plot thickens!

q: Why do Gnomes always laugh when the run?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls! 

q: How do you make an Italian plumber cry?
a: You kill his family

q: What's the worst part of having a girl repeatedly calling another mans name during sex?
a: Wondering who the hell names their son Rape.

q: What is a monkeys favorite candy?
a: Rhesus species

q: What did the Banana say to the other Banana?
a: You're very appealing 

q: What would you do with $1 Million?
a: I would buy a new butt, mine has a hole in it.

q: What's your favorite terraria boss?
a: Mine is the enderdragon

q: Are you from Tennessee?
a: Because your accent and appearance suggests that you hail from the southeast.

q: What's the difference between a slut and a bowling ball?
a: Nothing....you find them both in an alley, finger the holes, throw them in the gutter, and they keep coming back.

q: How does Batman's mother call him to dinner?
a: She doesn't, she's dead

q: What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both glide around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!

q: Did you hear that joke Ray Rice made?
a: It has a great punchline.

q: What do women and tornadoes have in common?
a: They scream when they come and take the house when they leave.

q: What television show best describes a mothers virginity?
a: Lost

q: What did the Belgian Nazis call themselves?
a: The Waffle S.S.

q: Excuse me -are you a psychic hooker?
a:  

q: How did the girl with fetal alcohol syndrome tag a picture of herself on instagram?
a: #nophiltrum

q: Why cant you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
a: Because the P is silent.

q: What did E.T.'s mother say when E.T. got home?
a: "Where on Earth have you been??!!" **Thank you, I'll be here all night... Edit: Thanks for da love Dr. Jones!

q: Why don't birds have to wear camouflage?
a: Joke: Why don't birds have to wear camouflage? Punch:  Because they are already "in the skies". Thank you, I'll see myself out.

q: What's the smallest drink you can order at a bar?
a: A mar tiny.

q: What do you call a disabled man in the hood?
a: A Kripple. 

q: Whats similar between a hurricane and women?
a: They come in hot and wet and leave with 

q: What kind of person is sexually excited from looking at young animals?
a: A PETAphile.

q: How many light bulbs does it take to change a man?
a: Just one, if you put it in the right place. 

q: How many developers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. That's a hardware problem.

q: What do you call a Japanese Halloween Cake?
a: Bookkake

q: What do you call a man from Portugal?
a: A Portugoose.  Because you cant have one gees.

q: Shouldn't russia have the mos dairy?
a: Cause you know, They have the moscow? Sorry for the cheesy joke :/

q: Why did the eunuch farmer wake up late?
a: he had no cock!!! 

q: What do you call it when you throw a black person in the water?
a: What do you call it when you throw a black person in the water? Pollution What do you call it when you throw all the black people in the water? Solution.

q: How do they educate locomotive drivers?
a: They train them

q: What do you call a trip to Spain gone horribly wrong?
a: A Spain in the ass.

q: Did you hear about the terrible kidnapping?
a: Yeah.  He woke up.  :) 

q: What do black people and dividing by zero have in common?
a: They don't work.

q: did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
a: he worked it out with a pencil....  a number two pencil

q: why couldn't mrs. claus get pregnant?
a: santa only comes once a year and when he does it's down a chimney...

q: Why dont Muslims play Dota?
a: Because techies respawns

q: What's the difference between a telemarketer and a man with a multiphobic personality?
a: One gets lots of annoyed hangups, the other has a lot of annoying hangups.

q: Why does Saturday stink?
a: Because it has a turd in it.

q: What did the astronaut get instead of athlete's foot?
a: Missile Toe

q: How do you call a blond who changed her hair color to brown?
a: Artificial Intelligence!

q: Why can't cats live on Mars ?
a: Because Curiosity kills the cat.

q: How does a male contraceptive pill work?
a: You put it in his shoe and it makes him limp.

q: What do you call weed from Denmark?
a: Dansk kush.

q: Why didn't Barbie get pregnant?
a: Because Ken came in a different box...

q: What do Thomas Jefferson and a WNBA owner have in common?
a: They both have 15 African-American women ready to go to work for them.

q: Did you hear about the new British period drama?
a: They're calling it Bloody Hell.

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist?
a: He sold his soul to Santa.

q: Who is the favorite author of someone addicted to ecstasy?
a: Steven King.  JK Rowling.  

q: What happens when you try to eat a fist full of rice?
a: YOU GET KNOCKED OUT!!!

q: What did the emperor of Arabia do at tea time?
a: The Caliph ate.

q: Do they have any car wash in Albania?
a: Yes. They call it "rain"

q: How does a poor man watch TV?
a: with binoculars. u know, he has to watch whatever the neighbours are watching.

q: What do you call a dead blonde in a closet?
a: Hide and Go Seek Champion, 1973.

q: What do you say to a man with no body and no nose?
a: No body nose.

q: Why do black people wear flares?
a: because their knee grows

q: What did the dog say when he bit the sandpaper?
a: Nothing. He just grit his teeth.

q: Do you know why god created leprosy?
a: He needed someone to lend him a hand!

q: Why don't they teach sex-ed and drivers-Ed on the same day in the Middle East?
a: Because the camels can't handle it. 

q: What is your greatest America joke?
a: Everyone's got mexican, Jewish, and Islamic jokes. I wanna hear the one's bashing America.

q: Why did lieutenant Uhura smell bad?
a: ...because William Shatner

q: What Do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a Sheep?
a: A WOOLY JUMPER :)

q: why do asians have small boobs?
a: Only A's are acceptable 

q: What Did The Man With Leprosy Say To The Hooker?
a: Keep the Tip.

q: What do you call a smelly man who tells terrible jokes?
a: PUN-GENT

q: Did you hear about that new restaurant they put on the moon?
a: Supposed to have great food but there's just no atmosphere...

q: Have you heard Julian Assange never spends more than 20 seconds in the restroom?
a: Yeah, he's infamous for his quickieleaks. 

q: What's grey and comes in buckets?
a: An elephant.

q: What did one testicle say to the other testicle ago was aggravating him?
a: You're being very teste

q: What punch line is sure to get upvotes no matter how many times it gets posted?
a: "I don't know I just fly the drone"

q: What does the Russian President enjoy having on his fries?
a: Putine...

q: What kind of rice puts you to sleep?
a: Ray Rice

q: Did you hear about the Polish assassin that blew up cars for a living?
a: He burns his lips on the tail pipes.

q: Anyone up for a Native American joke?
a: Did you hear about the Indian that drank too much iced tea? He died in his tea pee.

q: Why did the case against the great dessert robber get thrown out?
a: De minimis non curat lex.

q: How do you know if someone has a Samsung phone without asking?
a: Don't worry, they've already told you the superior qualities it has over all the other smart phones by this time.

q: What did the hot dog vendor say at the World Trade Center?
a: "Who ordered the two jumbos?!"

q: Why didn't the motorcycle want to go for a ride?
a: It was two tired...

q: What's the difference between Ray Rice's wife and a fish?
a: A fish can take a left hook.

q: What's the difference between a Pakistani middle school and an Al Qaeda training ground?
a: I dunno, I just fly the drone.

q: Did you hear about the man with no penis?
a: He went home and gave his wife a right bollocking.

q: What does a "yes man" say?
a: I don't no

q: What stops your hair from falling?
a: The floor

q: Want to hear the world's best knock knock joke?
a: Okay. You start.

q: What is it?
a: It has legs, but doesn't walk, beak, but it doesn't bite and wings, but it doesn't fly. What is it? -A dead crow

q: How about an Indian joke?
a: A nice Indian woman gets up mid-flight to the US and shouts "Is there a doctor here?" A nice, serious guy approaches her quickly and tells her: "I am. What is the problem?" She replies: "Do you want to meet my daughter?"

q: Do you deliver?
a: A man rings up his local Indian restaurant and asks, "Do you deliver?"  And the man at the other end of the phone replies, "Nah mate. Just beef, chicken and lamb."

q: How many Mexicans does it take to replace a serviceable part of a complex machine?
a: Just Juan and Emmanuel.

q: Do you know the best part about having only one eye and bad vision?
a: LASIK is half off.

q: What's worse than stubbing your toe?
a: The Holocaust

q: What do a stoner lost in the desert and Bolivia have in common?
a: They're both really high and have no access to water. 

q: Did you hear about the pillow factory that blew up last week?
a: There was a big panic at first, but it's all settled down now.

q: What the Diffrence between Chinese and Mexican food?
a: Chinese food comes out in about 15-20 minutes and Mexican food comes outta you in about 15-20 minutes.

q: Why do fencers make terrible Redditors?
a: They always riposte. 

q: Whats the difference between a drug dealer and a prostitute?
a: A prostitute can wash her crack and sell it again.... To Generiquai and everybody reading this, I would just like you to know I obviously didn't make this up. Just remembered it from a few years back and thought it was funny. Whoever made it up I give you all the credit. Thanks for checking it out!

q: Why should you stand in a corner when you are cold?
a: Because corners are   

q: How long does it take a black woman to poo?
a: 9 mouths

q: What shoes do Ninjas wear?
a: Sneakers!

q: Which musician is the most generous?
a: Cher

q: What time of day are you not able to find your watch?
a: 4:04

q: Why did Cinderella get kicked off the baseball team?
a: She kept running away from the ball.

q: What takes up 12 parking spaces?
a: Six women drivers.

q: Why did the ska guitarist take twice as long to fap?
a: He only knows up strokes 

q: Where did Napoleon keep his armies?
a: Up his sleevies.

q: Why did the contraceptive fly across the room?
a: It got pissed off. . (I'll get my coat...)

q: What's the difference between a black man and happiness?
a: You can't buy happiness!

q: What do you call those things on either side of an old lady's belly button?
a: Her tits

q: Will net neutrality be defeated? Is the Gangnam Style finally over? Is Tupac really alive?
a: Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z

q: What does Batman like with his whiskey?
a: (Gravely voice) "Just ice."

q: How do you know you've found Christopher Walken's house?
a: It has a recognizable gait

q: What do you call a utility knife that doesn't work?
a: A futility knife.

q: Why did the children cross the playground?
a: To get to the other slide.

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb?
a: TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!

q: What's the first thing a cannibal does in the morning?
a: Grab a cup of joe. 

q: What's the difference between coriander and cumin?
a: You can't coriander your pants.

q: why did the tomato cross the road?
a: to become ketchup

q: Why do Ethiopian women give the best blowjobs?
a: You know they'll swallow

q: What did the pirate tell his littler sister when she asked if she could hold his parrot?
a: ISIS

q: Did you hear about the girl who was dating the Berlin Wall?
a: Things were going well, but it broke up. 

q: What's the difference between a cow and September 11?
a: You stop milking a cow after 10 years. 

q: How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty?
a: She kept wetting the bed.

q: What's black on top and white on the bottom?
a: RAPE.

q: Where do we keep our thoughts detained?
a: In brain cells!

q: Why doesn't Switzerland make good cars?
a: You can only put them in neutral. edit:pronouns

q: Why did Einstein refuse to help people fix their cars?
a: Because his colleagues would call him the Quantum Mechanic.

q: How do you find hundreds of jokes about finding Will Smith in the snow?
a: Type "fresh prints" in the  "search reddit" box at the right.

q: What do you call a nurse with flat knees?
a: The "head" nurse.

q: Why cant we interpret what frogs are saying?
a: They only speak in Morse-toad!

q: Are you a Farmer?
a: Cause you know how to raise a cock!

q: What did the horse say when he fell down?
a: I've fallen and I can't giddyup. 

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: To get to the other side!

q: What's the deal with my laptop?
a: I'm sitting there typing and the battery drains, does this ever happen to you? So this little message pops up: Plug in or find another power source. Do you get that message? What other power source are they talking about? Well, I can't find that cable, so I'll go ahead and plug in to the hamster wheel generator I keep just in case. That's my other power source.

q: What do you call a gay Mexican couple that just won the lottery?
a: Juan in Emiliano

q: What do you suppose Ray Rice's fiance' did when he got her home from knocking her out?
a: The dishes if she knows what's good for her!

q: What does a sick bird need?
a: Tweetment.

q: Where were the first French fries made?
a: ...in grease

q: Do you know the worst thing about sex?
a: The part where you have to bury them afterwards.

q: Did you hear about the man who got his entire left side cut off?
a: Don't worry, he's allright now.

q: How is a Man like a Blizzard?
a: You don't know when it's cumming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will hang around.  

q: What medication that can make people inspire you?
a: Aspirin sorry guys

q: What's the worst part of an NFL wedding?
a: Getting hit by Rice

q: What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist?
a: Nothing. 

q: What do you call a robot with bad breath who's sister lives on its foot?
a: HAL-i-toe-sis

q: What is the most masculine profession?
a: What is the most masculine profession? Maleman

q: What does a statistician call a defective butter substitute?
a: A margarine of error!

q: What's a hillbillies favorite holiday? Halloween.... Do you want to know why?
a: Because they like to pump kin.

q: How do you know if a hippie was at your house?
a: He's still there.

q: Why did the bicycle fall down?
a: because it was two-tired.

q: Did you hear about the Chinese man who was arrested for sodomizing a 9-year-old?
a: His name was Yung Bu Ti.

q: What do you call a couple, who are both in wheelchairs?
a: A pair of polegics! 

q: what did Putin say to Ukraine?
a: Crimea river.

q: What do you calls sushi in Serbia?
a: Nishikori

q: What do Canadian girls have?
a: Boobehs

q: Why did the Japanese funeral home have to turn away new business?
a: They ran out of san storage

q: How do you get an elephant across a busy freeway?
a: take the 'f' out of free and the 'f' out of way...

q: What did the blanket say to the bed?
a: Don't worry, I've got you covered. 

q: What is it called when one punches a stripper?
a: A hoedown! 

q: What do you call the mercury mine?
a: Hg wells

q: What do you call a cat sitting on the edge of a cliff?
a: A precipuss. 

q: What do you call a TV reality show where a 50 year old white man is trying to get laid?
a: To catch a predator. Why do white girls walk around in groups of 3 and 5?  Because they can't even! Why do white people have so many pets?  Because owning people is not legal anymore  Would love to hear more white people-specific jokes :) They seem to be really rare.

q: Daddy, can I have another cup of water?
a: "Sure, son. But it's your 12th cup tonight..." "I know, the baby's room is still on fire."

q: What is the greatest sport in the history of the Olympics?
a: Discus(s). [I think this works better verbally...]

q: Why does the police officer get up early in the morning?
a: To beat the crowds.

q: What job pays you to shoot people but not harm them?
a: A photographer. 

q: Why did Joan Rivers die during throat surgery?
a: Q: Why did Joan Rivers die during throat surgery?  A: Because her career as a comic was stuck, but no matter how he tried, the Dr. couldn't pull a laugh out of her.

q: What do you call a gay alcoholic?
a: Liqourace.

q: What do you tell a worried guitar?
a: Don't fret 

q: Lame joke I made one night. What do you get when you mix a cat and a blender?
a: A visit from the cops.

q: How do you find white Canadian reggae musician Snow in the snow?
a: You ask an informer

q: What do you call a diseased duck?
a: A Mallardy.

q: what did one lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
a: "see you next month!"

q: What file turns a 1mm hole into a 10mm hole?
a: A paedophile.

q: What does Spiderman do when he's not fighting crime?
a: Web Development.

q: What did the pirate say to the prostitute?
a: Thar she blows!

q: What's black and full of holes?
a: Michael Brown

q: Did you hear about the two radio antennae who fell in love and decided to get married?
a: The ceremony was okay, but the reception was excellent. 

q: Why did man invent the shipping cart?
a: To teach women how to stand on their hind legs.

q: Why do bananas wear suntan lotion?
a: Because they peel. 

q: Why do politicians wear neckties?
a: To keep their foreskin from flopping over their head.

q: What has 100 legs and 3 teeth?
a: A centipede on meth.

q: How many Apple executives does it take to change a light bulb?
a: They dont. They turn it into the hype of the new generation.

q: What's the difference between a tribe of clever pygmies and a girls' track team?
a: One is a group of cunning runts.

q: Did you hear about the broken watch from the 1800's?
a: It was a timeless classic.

q: What do you call a lesbian with a SUV full of penises?
a: Dick Van Dyke

q: How many Astros fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Both of them.

q: What does Verizon wireless and abortion clinics have in common?
a: They both have early termination fees

q: How does a cat tell time??
a: In meowers

q: Why was the geometry teacher so dizzy?
a: Cause he kept going in circles...

q: What did you do wrong if your wife comes out of the kitchen and yells at you?
a: You made her chain to long.

q: What do you call a hypnotist that works with wealthy children during the summer?
a: an heir conditioner. 

q: How many martial artists does it taek to change a lightbulb?
a: It only taek won do change a lightbulb.

q: what is better than roses on your piano?
a: tulips on your organ

q: What function do the bumps on a nipple serve?
a: Its brail for, "Suck This."

q: How many pixies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two, but don't ask me how they got in there.

q: How do you know someone went to Harvard?
a: They tell you.

q: How many Jewish grandmothers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: That's okay. I'll just sit here in the dark. 

q: How many Firefly fans disc it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. The just stand around for years bitching about how it went out. EDIT: does not disc. 

q: What do you call a German grocery store that carries everything but fish?
a: Not Sea Food.

q: How do you organize a Space Party?
a: You Planet.

q: How many first-time theater directors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: I don't know, what do you guys think?

q: What do you get when you cross a rooster and a telephone pole?
a: A 40-foot cock trying to reach out and touch someone.

q: Why did Hitler kill the Jews?
a: Because they're greedy dirty Jews

q: How do hair stylists get in shape?
a: Curling Iron.

q: What did the pirate day on his 80th birthday?
a: Aye Matey!

q: Why is Edward Snowden stuck in Russia?
a: Because he's snowed-in

q: What's the difference between mashed potatoes and pea soup?
a: You can mash potatoes, but you can't pee soup. (sorry sorry. Really. I've loved this joke since I was... oh.. six...)

q: How do they keep track of books at the sausage library?
a: The Andouille Decimal System

q: How can you spot a Jewish Pedofile?
a: He's the guy in the creepy van rolling up to kids and asking "Hey kids, you want to buy some candy?"

q: What did Joan Rivers say to God when she arrived?
a: Get a new robe!

q: What do you get when you cross a monastery with a convent?
a: A cloister fuck, obviously.

q: Que es la nombre con un bebe burro?
a: un burrito

q: What should you do with your sick pig?
a: make it into cured bacon

q: What do you call the hash marks on your headboard?
a: Your tally skeet. 

q: What did Tiger Woods' dad tell him on his death bed?
a: "Just concentrate on golf and fuck everything else"

q: what did the faggot faggot the faggot?
a: because faggot hahahaha

q: Q. What do Robin Williams and Joan Rivers want for Christmas?
a: A. Betty White.

q: How do you make a mailman cry?
a: You kill his family

q: Why did Karl Marx dislike Earl Grey?
a: Because all proper tea is theft.

q: What black & White and cool as f**k?
a: A fridge with a leather jacket on.

q: Hey did you know a new medication came out for depressed lesbians?
a: Tridixigin

q: Hey Joe, did you return that axe to Frank?
a: Yes. And what did he say? Yaaaaauh!

q: What Christmas Carol do they sing in North Korea?
a: We Three Kims

q: What does a blind pornstar say when she's surprised?
a: I did not see that cumming....

q: What did the lunatic vacuum cleaner salesman say to his son before murdering him?
a: Dyson.

q: What black and yellow and makes you laugh when it goes off a cliff?
a: A school bus full of black people (Sorry for racism, it is just a joke, nothing personal)

q: What did the egg say when it was about to be hard boiled?
a: It's gonna take a while to get me hard, because I just got laid by a chick!

q: What do you call 144 rotten eggs?
a: Gross.

q: Why did the skydiver die before reaching the ground?
a: Because he reached terminal velocity.

q: Did you hear Mr. Fanatic started delivering gifts to children?
a: They call him the elastic clause.

q: Why do they call a wolf a wolf?
a: Because it goes wolf!

q: Did you guys hear about Joan Rivers?
a: The mortuary got $32 at the recycling center for her body.

q: How are burnt pizza, frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend related?
a: All come from not pulling out on time.

q: What's the definition of irony?
a: An incongruity between expectation and result.

q: What did the rubber say when he was offered a job as the high school choir teacher?
a: "I can't, I'm not a conductor." Pffffffhehewheheheheheh.

q: What's the difference between Joan Rivers' face and Kate Upton's tits?
a: 5000 views

q: Have you heard of that invention that lets you see through walls?
a: Its called window.Mua

q: What did the nun say to the priest?
a: Shut up

q: What's the hardest part of a gardener's job?
a: Getting to the root of the problem.

q: A: Have you heard that joke they don't tell retards?
a: B: No, I don't think that I have. A: "..."

q: Are you from the 316?
a: Because you're an stone cold stunner. Edit: Stone not ice  Thanks 

q: What is a pirate's favorite TV show?
a: EEEEEE-YARRRRRRRR

q: Why does my porn website have a share to google+ button?
a: ...I dont want people to know I use google+

q: Where do galaxies go to college?
a: University! Happy 1st day back to school to many of you :)

q: Why doesn't Santa Claus have children?
a: He cums down the chimney.

q: Why don't Chinese Restaurant owners do their dirty dishes?
a: Because it's too much wok! [Sorry, I just made that up!]

q: Why are fire trucks always red?
a: You'd turn red if someone pulled on your hose wouldn't you?

q: When is a Pixie not a Pixie?
a: When its head is up a Fairy's skirt, then it's a goblin.

q: What do you call italian food that is bad?
a: A pizza shit

q: What did the pessimist say to the psychologist?
a: Only the good die, Jung.

q: What do you call it when someone makes a slam-dunk wearing shiny handcuffs?
a: Boom-shackle-lacquer!

q: How does a turtle grate cheese?
a: Shredder

q: What do you call a chilly office?
a: A cubicicle

q: What is the Mexicans favorite credit card company?
a: Capital Juan

q: Why can't any of the seven dwarfs share the same name?
a: Because that could create a pair o' Docs.

q: Why is my dog better than my girlfriend?
a: I can throw her food on the floor, call her a bitch and she'll still play with my balls.

q: What do you get if you cross an owl with a donkey?
a: A Wise Ass.

q: What do you say to a dangerously cheesy chicken?
a: Stay out of parms way.

q: What do you call a bunch of cats sitting in a circle?
a: The purr-rimiter.

q: What's the difference between a $200 vacuum and a $50 vacuum?
a: I don't know, they both suck.

q: Why do teenage girls have groups in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What do you call an amphibian in disguise?
a: Infrognito.

q: Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippy?
a: Because he was too far out... (dude).

q: Why could 8 see that 6 was afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 was mean. Get it?             

q: What do you call a Mexican with a broken-down car?
a: Joaquin.

q: What is your best wordplay joke?
a: My personal favourite:  Two peanuts walked into a bar, one was assaulted.

q: What's a Mexicans favorite protein?
a: Whey

q: How do you make an elephant float?
a: A can of coke, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and an elephant.

q: Why are camels considered the ships of the desert?
a: They are full of arab semen.

q: What is the difference between a slut and a bitch?
a: A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.

q: What's the one car that gingers can't have?
a: A Kia Soul.

q: What do you call a nosy hot pepper?
a: Jalapeno business! ha ha.. haha.. ha love this joke (Usually accompanied with three snaps of the fingers in the shape of the letter Z and moving my head from side to side) 

q: Have you found a chick yet?
a: "For what?" "To play video games with.  Dafuq? For getting your dick wet, what else?" "Bro is that all women are good for?" "Yea, you're right.  I should make women suck my dick while their cleaning the house next time." -Actual conversation between me and a friend.  Sorry if its offensive.

q: What do you call a very unfriendly, female dog?
a: A cunt.

q: What do you call a gay avatar?
a: A bender.

q: Did you hear they found the body of the guy that leaked the Jennifer Lawrence nudes?
a: They say he's the first person ever to be hi-fived to death.

q: What do Libyan people put in their TV remotes?
a: Tripoli batteries.

q: How do you make a German shepherd?
a: Put him in a synagogue. 

q: What do you call siblings that play soccer?
a: Umbros

q: Why did the elephant paint its nails red?
a: So it could hide in the strawberry patch.... Have you ever seen an elephant in a strawberry patch? No?  See, it worked!

q: Doctor... can I bathe with diarrhea?
a: Hmm, yes if you shit enough...

q: 5 year old cousin with this one: Who lives in the green house?
a: Me: I don't know Her: The green guy! Who lives in the red house? Me: The red guy Her: Yes! Who lives in the blue house? Me: The blue guy Her: Yeah! Who lives in the yellow house? Me: The yellow guy Her: Who lives in the white house? [Now since I've heard this "riddle" before, I knew the trick answer. I was ready to answer The President! when my uncle blurted out:] The black guy!!

q: A Freudian slip?
a: That's where you think one thing but fuck your mother.

q: Why is Jennifer Lawrence the only one freaking out about the nude photo leak?
a: Because she's the only one with a fat load on her face.

q: Joke from my 7 year old cousin - Why did the ninja go to college?
a: He wanted to be a ninja-neer.

q: What's a pirates favorite material?
a:  

q: Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What's the thing in common between your girlfriend starting the pill and the muisic group Europe?
a: It's the final condom...  Ta da da da...

q: Where are average things manufactured?
a: The satisfactory.

q: How are the band "The Scorpions" and rural shepherds alike?
a: They just wanna be loved by ewe. Made up this joke/pun at work the other day (I'm sure I'm not the first), decided to subject you all to it. All apologies to shepherds who are not physical with your sheep.

q: You know what they say about people with big feet?
a: They exert less ground pressure. Because their penis is so big it acts like a third leg.

q: Why did the man eat all of the bananas?
a: Because they were appealing. 

q: Want to read a joke about pizza?
a: Never-mind, it's too cheesy!

q: What is it called when a woman can't imagine having kids?
a: Inconceivable. 

q: What kind of weather puts a smile on snoop dogg' face?
a: Drizzle.. my nizzle

q: What do King Cong and the Archbishop of Canterbury have in common?
a: Both are  ) 

q: What do you call a Jewish Pokmon player?
a: Ash.

q: What did the computer say to the virus?
a: scRAM

q: What does a mathematician do about constipation?
a: Sits down and works it out with a pencil.

q: Why do girls always go in threes when using the restroom?
a: Because they can't even.

q: How does a communist do well in school?
a: He gets good marx.

q: What's the crackhead's favorite song?
a: I wanna rock!

q: What do particle physicists like to drink?
a: Pina colliders.

q: Why doesn't Mrs. Clean get pregnant?
a: Because Mr. Clean comes in a bottle.

q: What does a nine volt battery and an asshole have in common?
a: The look on your face when you lick it

q: Why Couldn't 3 Fall Asleep ?
a: He was afraid , he would make an ass of himself . 

q: Why did the referee stop the leper hockey game?
a: There was a face off in the corner.

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker?
a: The oyster shucker, shucks between fits.......

q: Why do Televisions have buttons?
a: because they cant have zippers

q: Whats the only bad thing about head from an anorexic girl?
a: She won't swallow

q: Why are Peruvians always deported?
a: Because they can't Peruve they're citizens

q: How do you obtain Kate Upton's nudes?
a: Easy, go on Twitter right now.

q: [Sick Humour] What sits in the corner of the room, crying and getting smaller and smaller?
a: A baby combing it's hair with a vegetable peeler.

q: Why did the sand scream?
a: Because the sea weed. ha.

q: What did one cannibal say to the other cannibal?
a: I just passed your friend in the woods.

q: What do pancakes do when they are scared?
a: They crepe themselves ;D

q: What's the difference between a turtle and a tortoise?
a: I don't know but your mother's a whore! 

q: What did the cannibal ask for in his burrito?
a: Human beans

q: What did the Jewish pedophile say to the little boy?
a: Wanna take a shower? They're to die for. 

q: Why do bad farmers make good DJs?
a: Because they've got sick beets!

q: Why was the marshmallow stuck to the tree?
a: It was taped. 

q: What type of shoes does a pedophile wear?
a: White Vans. Creds to a friend of mine :)

q: What does a fashionable criminal always make sure they have a lot of?
a: Accessories 

q: Why could the chef not cook a tree branch?
a: Because he used a non-stick pan.

q: What was so special about Bounty's new line of paper towels?
a: nothing they were tearable. 

q: What do you get when you mix a hippo, an elephant and a rhino?
a: Hell-if-I-know! 

q: Why don't gypsies use condoms ?
a: They have crystal balls so they see it coming.

q: Who is the biggest singer right now?
a: Ariana Grande

q: What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie?
a: IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN

q: What do they call a dog in Iraq?
a: A Shia pet.  *friend of mine came up with this and was pretty proud of himself 

q: Why is it so easy to fool an octopus?
a: They're all suckers.

q: What did the spoon say when he caught his knife cheating on him?
a: Get the fork outta here!

q: What do you call the removal of a fence?
a: Defence

q: How many non-sequiturs does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Yes

q: Why did the oven go back to University?
a: To get another degree.  My sister thought it up and found it so funny she called to tell me. 

q: What is a pirate's favorite pokemon?
a: Arrrriados

q: Why did the hipster cross the road?
a: To get to a place you've probably never heard of.

q: What do you call retarded cow thighs?
a: Asbergers

q: Why were the Three Wise Men covered in soot?
a: Because they came from afar.

q: what is hhe hardest part of a vegetable to eat?
a: The wheelchair

q: Why can't seagulls fly over the bay?
a: Cuz then they'd be baygulls. 

q: Whats the difference between acne and a priest?
a: Acne waits till you're 14 to come on your face

q: Why did the guy take his time setting up a premature ejaculation support group?
a: He didn't want to go off half cocked.

q: What's the difference between a hippie girl and a can of beans?
a: You would still eat the beans after a month in the woods

q: Why did Steve Irwin's sunscreen get recalled?
a: It didn't protect him from harmful rays Edit: Steve Irwin was the man. RIP

q: why didn't the escaped peasant want to go to the beach?
a: he was scared that he'd end up serfing again 

q: What do you call a nine-sided polygon that wishes to remain anonymous?
a: anonagon.

q: Did you hear about the narcoleptic, necrophiliac mortician?
a: He fell asleep in the job.

q: What's the sharpest thing in the word?
a: A fart.  It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.

q: Did you hear about the burger cook who took a dump on the grill?
a: He totally flipped his shit.

q: What's the difference between organized crime and politics?
a: One's organized.

q: How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. The light bulb you remove and the light bulb you replace it with.

q: What do you get by cross-breeding a jehovahs witness and an atheist?
a: Someone who pointlessly knocks on the door.

q: Why aren't Mexicans ever indecisive?
a: Because if they're on the fence too long they get caught.

q: What was the Rabbi's favorite frozen treat?
a: Jew-lato

q: Why does it see like fur is more hated than leather?
a: Its easy to harass a 90lb aneroxic and walk away.  It's a lot harder to do the same to the 250lb tattooed, long haired, biker.

q: What economic theory opposes manscaping?
a: Laissez-fur!

q: How much does a plumber make in an hour?
a: It depends on how much crack he can produce.

q: Why are pirates angry after leaving the bathroom?
a: Because after "p" comes "irate"

q: What do you call a Jew with a pH lower than 7?
a: ....hasidic  I'll let myself out now. I know that was matzo good...

q: What did the baby computer call his dad?
a: Data!

q: Did you know 60% of all Asian men have Cataracks?
a: The other 40% drive Mitsubishis.

q: What is the craziest/weirdest/most interesting/most unique/ uncommon phrase you've ever heard ?
a: I am working on a project, and its going to revolve around a phrase. I need it to be really out there, yet could be used in everyday life. But honestly just give me anything you got.

q: Your skin looks great do you use concealer?
a: I dab.

q: Why do Canadian women use hockey pucks instead of tampons?
a: Because they last for 3 periods.

q: How do you stop your dog digging holes in your garden?
a: By hiding the shovel in the shed/garage

q: What is Aloe Blacc's real name?
a: Bye Bye White

q: What do refugees drink?
a: Foreignade.

q: Did you guys see Micheal J. Fox's icebucket challenge?
a: The water was so cold , he's still shaking.

q: What's the difference between an alcoholic and a necrophiliac?
a: One goes to the bar for a cold one. The other goes to a morgue.

q: What do you call a detective from Glasgow with three feet?
a: A Scotland Yard.

q: How many straight men in california does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: both of them

q: What did Mark Antony say to Van Gogh?
a: Lend me your ears

q: You know who's even bigger than Ariana Grande?
a: Ariana Venti.

q: What do you call a rabbit who lifts weights?
a: A jacked rabbit.

q: How'd you keep an idiot in suspense?
a: I'll tell you later.

q: What did the doctor do after he finished reading the book?
a: He removed the appendix!

q: Anyone know any kid-friendly jokes about burgers?
a: Extra points if it can be about a burger monster (don't ask). 

q: What do you call a hooker fart?
a: A prosti-toot. Zing pow!

q: Why did the drunk fall asleep at the wheel?
a: He needed a place to crash.

q: Why couldn't Hitler change a lightbulb?
a: It was just out of his reich.

q: Where does Joseph Kony train his soldiers?
a: Arizona

q: What does the atheist say when he arrives at the Pearly Gates?
a: I'll be goddamned.

q: You hear of the movie about a girl's struggle during her time of the month?
a: It won the award for the best period drama

q: Why is British weather muslim?
a: Because when it isn't sunni, it's utter shiite

q: What is the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her vagina?
a: Only 1/5th of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.

q: What sort of undergarments does a succinct pugilist wear?
a: Boxer briefs!

q: Did you ever notice how men always leave the toilet seat up?
a: THAT'S THE JOKE.

q: What does it take for a Beatles reunion?
a: Two Bullets.

q: What do you call a man that stabs many packets of Cornflakes?
a: A Cereal Killer.

q: Everyone uses body wash these days. What happened to good old-fashion soap?
a: Is it too basic?

q: What do you call two gay black guys?
a: An Oreo cookie.

q: Why is it called a cunt?
a: Because that's the sound it makes when you kick it.

q: Which sea creature is the most determined?
a: Any fish that is swimming near a dolphin, because then, it swims with a porpoise.

q: Why did the Scot screw the sheep on the edge of a cliff?
a: So it would push back.

q: What's the NSDAP's favourite kind of Jew?
a: I dunno, ashkenazi!

q: Why do Scots wear kilts?
a: Sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.

q: How much cum does a gay guy have?
a: A butt load.

q: Why did the fence get busted for having stolen goods?
a: Because it got grassed up by the lawn.

q: What do you call a chicken without feathers?
a: Dinner!

q: What do blondes and computer have in common?
a: You never appreciate them until they go down on you. edit: computers

q: Why do scholars use big words?
a: To avoid circumlocution.

q: How do you call a blond who has colored her hair to brown?
a: Artificial intelligence!

q: Why don't lions eat clowns?
a: Because they taste funny

q: Why are there no cats in Germany?
a: Because they have nein lives.

q: What do you call an empty jar of Cheese Whiz?
a: Cheese was.

q: How do you tell a Japanese girl you're breaking up with her ?
a: You drop it on her twice.

q: What does an existentialist bully say?
a: "Quit being yourself, quit being yourself!"

q: Why was the solider nervous about being deployed?
a: He had arachnophobia.

q: Cakeday special - what did the Chinese gangster do?
a: Made him an offer he couldn't understand

q: What happened after the King of All Cosmos destroyed the stars in a drunken rage?
a: Divine intervention. edit: Oh.

q: What do you get when you ask a proctologist for a second opinion?
a: Two fingers.

q: Where do homeless people read about their friends deaths?
a: In the hobobituaries

q: Did you hear there was a blackout last night?
a: Don't worry, we caught him

q: What does a rich physicist wear?
a: Joulery!

q: Why are there no living cats on Mars?
a: Because curiosity killed them all.

q: What do you call the crucified baby Jesus?
a: Baby on board.

q: What's the difference between the worst sex you ever had, and the best sex you ever had?
a: Doesn't matter; Had sex 

q: Why is a change machine easy to understand?
a: It makes cents.

q: How long is the flight?
a: A Polish man calls up an airline. "How long is the flight from Chicago to Warsaw?" "One minute..." "Thank you." 

q: Why are fish only happy inside?
a: They have in-door fins

q: Whats white on top and black on the bottom?
a: Society.

q: What happens if you don't pay the priest who exorcises your house?
a: He'll re-possess it

q: Are you still looking for a job?
a: I hear they're hiring at the zoo circumcising elephants. The pay is small, but the tips are big!

q: What's the difference between a Bud Light and a vagina?
a: The vagina only tastes like piss in the beginning. Translated from danish, where   is used instead of Bud Light.

q: How do you start a rave party in Ethiopia?
a: Glue bread to the ceiling.

q: What do you call a sugar substitute that has poor taste?
a: Sweet and Low-brow..

q: What sound does a shotgun make?
a: Cobain Cobain

q: What three streets in Chicago rhyme with vagina?
a: Paulina, Melvina and Lunt.

q: Why did Hitler have a thing for men from Hungary?
a: Because they are Hung Arian's 

q: What's the difference between a condom and a coffin?
a: Well, both carry stiffs, but one's for coming and the other's for going.

q: What do you call a Russian Lizard?
a: Commie commie commie commie chameleon.

q: Why were deer testicles the most popular product at the meat fair?
a: Because they were under a buck.

q: What does a sarcastic fishing-rod with a broken reeler say?
a: No, reely?

q: What do you get when you put your hand in a blender?
a: A hand shake.

q: What made the New Mexican sad?
a: He was out of meth.

q: You guys ever seen a cockatoo?
a: Yeah? I bet you have.

q: Why are the noses of Jewish people so big?
a: Because air is free.

q: Are candles happy or sad when they are put out?
a: They are delighted. 

q: What do you call a quaterpounder with cheese in Zimbabwe?
a: A yeast infection!

q: What is the most positive thing in a ghetto?
a: HIV

q: Where are the cleanest bathrooms on college campuses?
a: The women's bathrooms in the engineering building. Credit to 

q: What's the difference between a rapper and God in a strip club?
a: When god makes it rain bitches get wet.

q: what kind of pants does the godfather wear?
a: al pa-chinos

q: What do you call an effeminate Japanese man with radiation sickness, AIDS and hemorrhegic fever?
a: Ebola Gay.

q: How do cows communicate?
a: Moorse code.

q: What's the same about George Washington, and a tranny?
a: They both chopped down their own cherry trees.

q: Why did the mermaid cover her breasts with seashells?
a: She outgrew her B shells. 

q: What's the best joke you've ever come up with?
a: Here's mine. 

q: What did the blind man say when he walked passed the fish aisle in the supermarket?
a: Good morning, ladies.

q: Have you heard about the three Chinese virgins?
a: Tu Yung Tu,  Tu Dum Tu,  and No Yen Tu.

q: Did you know that Davy Crockett had three ears?
a: His left ear, his right ear, and his wild frontier.

q: Why does the fat chick give the best blowjobs?
a: She closes her eyes and imagines she's having cordon bleu.

q: Why was the origami class cancelled?
a: The school folded.

q: What do you call an alien civil rights activist?
a: Martian Luther King jr.

q: What will the ISIS be called when we eventually destroy them?
a: WASWAS.

q: Remember the first time offender who was into bdsm? It made him late for an appointment. His excuse?
a: He got tied up in court.

q: What does cheese say to itself when taking a selfie in the mirror?
a: Hallooooo me! 

q: What do you call a bunch of wealthy muslims?
a: Ballah ballah ballah ballah ballah

q: What do you call a Saudi cow?
a: A moo-slim

q: Did you hear about the new extreme camping TV show?
a: It's in tents.

q: What do Mexican Zombies eat?
a: Re-fried brains.

q: Why are circles so knowledgeable?
a: Because they have three hundred and sixty degrees.

q: What do you call a female alligator?
a: A galligator

q: What drove the British mystery fan insane?
a: He lost his Marples.

q: You hear about the moneyless porn star that started selling double-ended dildos?
a: She was just trying to make ends meet.

q: Why do we eat?
a: Because we are hungry

q: What would happen if Russia ran out of vodka?
a: Well, my dear reddit, in nature there is law of conservation of matter. Therefore, if the vodka disappeared somewhere, it would appear somewhere else. And then there would be Russia.

q: Did you hear about the preschool kidnapping?
a: He woke up

q: What's Borat's favorite neighborhood?
a: Van Nuys

q: Did you hear about the suicidal homeopath?
a: He died from a massive underdose.

q: What do you call a one-legged asian woman?
a: Irene

q: What do you call a rich muslim god?
a: Ballah

q: Why is twelve an unfair number?
a: Because it's two against one

q: Have you seen how expensive balloons are lately?
a: Bloody inflation. 

q: What's Rihanna's favorite type of apple?
a: She doesn't have one. She'll eat anyone that's bruised!

q: Why are New Yorkers so depressed?
a: Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.

q: Do you have Prince Albert in a can?
a: Well, here he is:   EDIT: Anyone remember that old-old joke?

q: Why do we sleep?
a: Because we get sleepy.

q: HELP? I need help remembering a joke. Is it ok to ask this here?
a: There was a joke about a guy being pulled over saying he was a clown late for the circus, then he took out road flares to juggle to prove to the cop he was a clown, then maybe somebody else drove by or something... does this sound familiar to anyone?

q: Why did the condom hit the wall?
a: It was pissed off.

q: You hear Jerry Sandusky is revolutionizing pee wee football?
a: His team is the first pee wee team to run a 5 wide receiver offensive set...he said there won't be a single tight end on his team. ...forgive me for that joke. 

q: What do you call a right angle that gets beaten into a long square?
a: A rekt angle

q: How many prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Yes.

q: Oh my god, did you hear Bob Barker died?
a: He was hit by a BRAAAANNDDD NEEEEWWWW CAAAAAARRRRR!

q: What do you call three lesbians on a bicycle?
a: A trike

q: Why was the lizard upset with her husband?
a: Because he had a reptile dysfunction. ... Okay bye now

q: How many radical feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: That's not funny.

q: What do you call a cock blocker?
a: A knobstacle.

q: how do you know you are a real redneck?
a: you let your 12yr old daughter smoke in front of her kids.

q: What do you call someone banned from an Indian restaurant?
a: Persona naan grata! sorry.....

q: Did you hear about the german who accidently put his hand in boiling oil?
a: he Gottfried..

q: My son keeps talking to me in binary even though I ask him not to. What kind of boy is he?
a: A noughty one.

q: What is a pedophile's favorite guitar chord?
a: A minor 

q: Why can't the French cook two eggs?
a: Because one egg is 

q: Why was the little drop of ink so sad?
a: Because his father was in the pen, and he didn't know how long the sentence was!

q: Did you hear about the psychic midget that escaped from jail last night?
a: Yeah, there's a small medium at large!

q: Do you know about the unpredictable weather in Syria?
a: Sometimes it's Sunni, other times it's Shiite.

q: A very old joke: why is the letter r so important?
a: Because without it, our friends would be fiends. 

q: Why was Luke Skywalker convicted of rape ?
a: He used the force . 

q: If a tramp and a bunch of rich people are dressed the same, how does the tramp stand out?
a: He begs to differ.

q: What did the hurricane say to the palm tree?
a: Hang onto your nuts, because this is going to be one hell of a blow job.

q: What does the sterile man say when asked if he's gonna get neutered?
a: Vas the deferens?

q: What's the difference between a Palestinian woman and a Mackerel?
a: ... One is greasy with big eyes.  The other's a fish.

q: What is the cutest car?
a: A BM-cuddle-U

q: How long did Dorothy, the Scarecrow, and the Cowardly Lion have to wait for the Tin Man?
a: Ten minutes.

q: What did Hitler say to the Black Jew?
a: ja, ja, arsch ficken mich hrter, gestt

q: Whaddya call a know-it-all from Europe?
a: a Shure-opean

q: How do thieves kiss?
a: They make out like bandits.

q: What is the blackest of magics?
a: Negromancy.

q: What does a prostitute and a lawyer have in common?
a: They both screw you for $300 per hour. What's the difference? Most prostitutes have standards. 

q: how many corrections officers does it take to throw an inmate down the stairs?
a: none he fell

q: what's the difference between Madeleine McCann and Jesus?
a: Jesus died a virgin.

q: What did the shoes say to the pants?
a: What up, britches?

q: Did you hear about the support group for people who talk too much?
a: It's On & On Anon.

q: How do you hide from imminent retribution?
a: Karmaflage!

q: What's Jay-Z's favorite city to perform in?
a: SHEBOY-gan You're welcome

q: How do you make the Wicked Witch of the West kill herself?
a: Challenge her to the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.

q: How did the geometry teach kill himself?
a: He used a hypote-"noose"

q: How many blacks does it take to start a riot?
a: -1

q: How do you make a baby cry?
a: Drop it. How do you make a baby stop crying? Drop it again. 

q: How do we know that Darth Vader is American?
a: Because he marches to the Imperial March and not the Metric March

q: What did the match box say to the match?
a: You're fired!

q: Have you heard about the new car park crime statistics?
a: It's wrong on so many levels.

q: How do you circumcise a hillibilly?
a: You kick his sister in the jaw!

q: What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT?
a: 0 - Nice belt. 8 - thank you :) 

q: What country has the most people?
a: Brazil... They've got Brazillions

q: Why do hot girls always travel in threes?
a: Because they can't even.

q: Why did a chinese man ride a bike to the brothel?
a: To get laid.

q: What do men and slurpees have in common?
a: If you don't suck them fast enough they lose their shape.

q: What's the difference between unlawful and illegal?
a: One's against the law, and the other's a sick bird. 

q: Why did the pervert cough when he was caught molesting a pony?
a: He was feeling a little horse.

q: What did ELO say once they found out their stripper was a hermaphrodite?
a: You've got a strange vag-dick.

q: What would you title a movie about a Nazi roofer with a speech impediment?
a: Shinglers Lisp. 

q: Does anyone need a vacuum cleaner?
a: I have one here, it's just collecting dust.

q: What's it called when an Arabic author releases their latest novel after dinner?
a: Post-Hummus

q: What is the difference between a horror fiction writer and a disabled physicist?
a: Haw

q: Why did the dolphin go to church?
a: He was looking for a porpoise. (thought this one up but I doubt I was the first one that did.)

q: What do you call a sad hat?
a: A sombre-ero!

q: Did your hear about the man with a broken left arm and broken left leg?
a: Don't worry he's "ALRIGHT" now!

q: How do married men remember their birthdays?
a: 1 year since their last blowjob.

q: Why was the rooster angry?
a: He just found his chicken strips. (Courtesy of my creative bartender pal)

q: What do paper towels call their family?
a: NapKIN

q: With all the different ways to sat the same jokes, how would you know it's not a repost?
a: You just wait for the comments to link you up.

q: What do you call a monkey in a minefield?
a: A BABOOM!

q: What is a gentleman monkey?
a: A gentleman monkey is a monkey that won't monkey around with another monkey's monkey.  

q: Cyanide?
a: A lady walks into the drug store and asks the pharmacist for some arsenic. The pharmacist asks "Ma'am, what do you want with arsenic?"  The lady says "To kill my husband."  "I can't sell you any for that reason" says the pharmacist.  The lady then reaches into her purse and pulls out a photo of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife.  He looks at the photo and says "Oh...........I didn't know you had a prescription!"

q: What do dyslexic zombies eat?
a: BRIANS!!  Everyone else is safe

q: Why do all polish names end in SKI ?
a: They can't spell TOBOGGAN !

q: What do you get when you put rootbeer in a square glass?
a: Beer.

q: What do you call a white man flying a plane?
a: Clive, usually. 

q: What kind of dog did the sad cantaloupe get?
a: A melon collie!

q: How many Tumblr women does it take to change a light bulb?
a: I WILL NOT BE A VICTIM!

q: Is light a wave or a particle?
a: Yes

q: What kind of food do zombies hate?
a: Fast food

q: What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon at?
a: Tennish.

q: How did Viking ships communicate?
a: Norse code.

q: Did you hear about that new broom?
a: It's sweeping the nation! 

q: What did the maxi-pad say to the fart?
a: "You are the wind beneath my wings."

q: if a blonde and a Asian girl would jump off a bridge who would land first?
a: The Asian girl because the blonde would stop and ask for directions.

q: How does Kanye make Kim Kardashian's eyes twinkle?
a: He shines a flashlight in her ear.

q: Did you hear about the guy who got his left side cut?
a: He's all right now!

q: What can jelly beans do that you can't?
a: Come in different colors.

q: Why is Bud light kinda like making love on a canoe?
a: Because it's like fucking close to water.

q: What is r/jokes' main function?
a: ctrl+v

q: What do you call a black guy who flies a plane?
a: A PILOT, YOU RACIST!

q: What's the worst single thing you could do to someone?
a: Start dating them

q: How many roaches does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 2 but how they got in the light bulb I will never know

q: What insect do you use to capture a slutty woman?
a: A hornet!

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow that got promoted?
a: He was outstanding in his field...

q: How many ballerinas does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: ...5,6,7,8!

q: Did you hear about the guy that made the highest grades in his graduating class?
a: He was on a roll!

q: What did one snail say to the other snail?
a: It...all...happened...soooooooo...fast

q: What is a 72?
a: A 69 with 3 people watching.

q: You wanna know the best food to eat when sad?
a: Cheerios

q: What's the difference between cum and Jello?
a: Jello doesn't hit the back of your throat at 120 mph.

q: Why wasn't the bear allowed to drive?
a: Because bears don't have fine   skills

q: Why does no one want to work in the yard with a carpenter?
a: Because they take a fence to that.

q: You know the best thing about Midgets?
a: They are really down to earth people.

q: Why is semen white and pee yellow?
a: So you know whether he's coming or going.

q: whats 72??
a: Q: What's 72? A: 69 with three people watching.

q: Why are birds always sad in the morning?
a: Their bills are over dew

q: What do you call a group of Idiots?
a: Congress

q: What do you call an Arab who has many cows?
a: milk sheikh

q: what does a gay horse eat?
a: HAAAAAAAAAY!

q: Did you hear about the fight at the bakery?
a: A couple of rolls got fresh. source: Dr. Katz, Profesional Therapist season 6 episode 16.  Yes, the son in this show is the same guy who plays Archer.  This was H. Jon Benjamin's first job apparently and the show is amazing.

q: Why don't good golfers cheat?
a: Cause they play the fairway. 

q: Why so the French line their streets with trees?
a: So the Germans can march in the shade

q: How many Catholic priests does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, because little boys don't fit in a lightbulb.

q: What do you call a fake shit?
a: A sham poo 

q: Why do fish swim in salt water?
a: Because pepper makes them sneeze

q: What do you call an orange cat in summer?
a: Shedder Cheese!

q: What does a donkey say?
a: It says "Hey Shrek, whats up?" (I was 9 when i made this okay)

q: LE NEW JOKE???
a: AWWW YEHP

q: Why does no-one use the rhinos ATM?
a: Because he charges!

q: What's the object of Jewish football?
a: Get the quarter back.

q: What do you call a rare Egyptian King?
a: King Nottocommon

q: How does an insane man get through the forest?
a: By taking the psychopath. hhhhehehhehe good one right? yeh? no..? ok.

q: Joke I just made up: what's a neo nazis favorite sports drink?
a: White powerade!

q: Why does a redneck hold a knife while driving?
a: So he can cut corners.

q: Q. Why did the ant fall off the toilet seat?
a: A. Because he was pissed off!

q: What position would Obama be if he played football?
a: The half-black

q: What happens when you step on an oily asian?
a: Better not say. I feel like I'm already treading on a slippery slope.

q: What do you call a government consisted of burglars?
a: A thiefdom.

q: What did the Jewish pirate say when he heard his wife died?
a: Argh, shiva me timbers

q: Why do pedophiles love Old Navy sales?
a: Cause all the kid's clothes are 60% off. 

q: Feline-loving fashionista's favorite music?
a: Techno.

q: How did Bob die, when he went on a trip to Africa?
a: He got "boar"ed to death.

q: How do you blind fold an asian?
a: You put floss over their eyes!

q: Why is the Mississippi so wide?
a: Because Mr. Sippi is hung like a horse.

q: What is the first rule of eating a banana?
a: One. Never look someone in the eyes. What is the second rule? Two. Never look up.

q: What's the difference between roast chicken and pea soup?
a: I can roast chicken but I can't pea soup

q: What's the Difference between 3 dicks and a Joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke

q: What did the boy say when his dog died?
a: What did the boy say when his dog died?   I'm gonna miss you buddy, you were my best friend.

q: What animal is the moodiest?
a: A Bi-Polar Bear.

q: how do you keep bacon from curling in the pan?
a: You take away their tiny brooms.

q: What plant attacks people?
a: An Ambush ;)

q: Why don't smart girls ever get pregnant?
a: Because they use their head.

q: Whats the difference between a duck?
a: One of its legs are both the same.

q: What's scary about a white man in prison?
a: You know he did it

q: What does a black person get after sex...???
a: A life sentence.

q: What do you call a man who has lost the lower parts of his legs, but still somehow has his feet?
a: Tony.

q: Why didn't the President fight with the chair?
a: Because we don't negotiate with chair-orrists.

q: How'd the preacher catch A.I.D.S. in Africa?
a: Missionary style.

q: What college did the eyeball go to?
a: ICU. 

q: What would a Chinese person never eat, but a Mexican regularly eats incredulously?
a: Pan 

q: what do you call a play about victorian era menstruation?
a: A period piece! 

q: What did the boy say after the tailor made fun of him for not wearing pants?
a: Hey, why don't you cut me some slacks?

q: What do you call a hooker with a runny nose?
a: Full

q: What do you call a cockroach filing a complaint?
a: A Bug report

q: How did the mathematician reach the end of the Y-axis?
a: On a plane.

q: Why did the band Wham! break up?
a: Because he didn't wake him up before he went went.  It's  , people.

q: What did the chicken say after laying an egg?
a: "Oeuf!"

q: What do Buddhist monks have for breakfast?
a: 'Ommm' lettes!

q: What is the difference between a drunk driver and a stoned driver?
a: The drunk driver passes a stop sign, the stoner waits for it to turn green.

q: Did you hear the one about Gilgamesh?
a: It was epic.

q: What do you say to a motivated ghost?
a: That's the spirit!

q: Did you hear the tragic news about Robin Williams?
a: He's considering a Mrs. Doubtfire sequel. 

q: Why did the vampire miss work?
a: He was having a coffin fit!

q: Why did the stand-up comedian get such bad reviews?
a: He was sitting.

q: Have you heard the joke about the deaf guy?
a: He hasn't.

q: Can you believe they're still together after all that crap?!?
a: (Who?) MY BUTTCHEEKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!

q: A Riddle: What's the only hole that I can't put my dick in?
a: Answer: A donut hole!

q: What is your best weed/stoner related joke?
a: I've never heard any good ones so please give me your best!

q: How does the Rabbi make his coffee?
a: Hebrews it

q: Where did Sadam Hussein keep his CD collection?
a: In Iraq.

q: Why did the terrorist kill his wife on their anniversary?
a: She got him the wrong kind of blowup doll. 

q: What did the Nazi do after World War II?
a: He became a veteran Aryan. 

q: What is the opposite of an autistic?
a: What is the opposite of an autistic? A Socialist.

q: Feeling cold?
a: Just stand in the corner of your house, since it's usually 90 degrees

q: What do you call a deaf dinosaur?
a: Anything you like - he can't hear you.

q: Why did The Walrus go to a Tupperware party?
a: He wanted to find a tight seal. 

q: What did one Jersey girl's leg say to the other?
a: Nothing - they've never met.

q: What's the difference between new cops and old cops?
a: New Cops: Belly with abs. Old Cops: Belly with Fats.

q: why is peter pan always in the air?
a: Because he neverlands

q: Waiter, what's this fly doing in my soup?
a: It looks like the backstroke, sir.

q: What do you call and eight sided dildo?
a: A cocktopus.

q: How many Missouri Police officers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They just shoot the room for being black. 

q: So... what do you call a sexual tree?
a: A pork-u-pine My brain is dumb

q: A dead person, a 2 year old, and a thot are all asked to count to ten. Which one can do it?
a: It's the thot that counts.

q: Why Ireland so rich?
a: Because its capital is always Dublin. 

q: What did the dolphin say when three orcas swam by?
a: Whale, whale, whale, who do we have here? Please, this is a cry for help.

q: What did the hungry whale do?
a: He bit the tail off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen.

q: What does a pickle use to make bread?
a: Dill Dough. 

q: What beer do elderly rednecks drink?
a: Silver Mullet

q: What was wrong with Genghis Khan's new suit?
a: There was a chink in his armor.

q: Why has there never been an Asian president?
a: Because they are taken to the hospital if the election lasts more than 4 hours

q: What do you call a disappointing white wine?
a: Prosecc-oh...

q: What sound does Korean bread make when it hits a wall?
a: Bang! (!)

q: What does the rest of the colony call an old ant?
a: An antique.

q: Why couldn't the lizard be aroused?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction (I just made that up but I'm sure it's been thought of) 

q: Who was the blind horse jealous of?
a: The seahorse. 

q: What is the opposite of an autist?
a: A socialist.

q: Hey baby, is your name Polio?
a: Because I am stiff below the waist

q: What kind of disease do you get from birds?
a: Chirpes. It's a canarial disease, and I hear it's untweetable. 

q: What kind of movies do pirates watch?
a: ARRRR Rated Movies!

q: Why Did Hitler Quit Drinking?
a: It made him angry. 

q: What's your favorite medical joke?
a: I've memorized a lot of jokes from a previous "doctor joke" thread, and need some fresh  material!

q: When is 99 greater than 100?
a: When entered on a microwave.

q: How does the man on the moon cut his hair?
a: Eclipse it.

q: Why did Captain Hook think Robin Williams death was funny?
a: He likes dead-'Pan'...

q: What kinds of vegetables did Ghandi prefer?
a: Peace and carrots... Thought this up at work today. I'm sure it's been done before but it made me chuckle...

q: What do we want? A cure for Tourette's! When do we want it?
a: Cunt!

q: What do you call four bees??
a: ....Be-fore

q: Does anyone need an ark?
a: I noah guy!

q: What's a linguist's favorite beverage?
a: IPA

q: What did the vacuum cleaner salesman say to his colleague?
a: Hoover fuck said this job would be a good idea?

q: What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani elementary school?
a: I don't know, I only fly the drone

q: How does R. Kelly respond when girls ask for a rating on a ten scale?
a: Urinate

q: Why does it take so long to play Israeli sports?
a: Because all the replays are in shlomo. 

q: Why is Mexico's flag green, white, and red?
a: Guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.

q: What do you call someone who worships testicles?
a: Sacrilegious. 

q: How many corporate drones does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: That's impossible, because they can't climb the ladder.

q: What's the difference between a schoolmaster and a stationmaster?
a: The stationmaster minds trains while the schoolmaster trains minds.

q: Monica Lewinsky's favorite Green Bay Packer?
a: Clinton-Dix

q: What does a pirate from Boston say?
a: Aaahhh.

q: Why doesn't Mr. Jinks babysit his brother's daughters?
a: He hates nieeeeeeeeces to pieeeeeecesssssssss!!!!!!!

q: What's the difference between a nun and a woman in a bathtub?
a: The nun has hope in her soul!

q: Why did the lime disapprove of his daughter?
a: Because she was a little tart.

q: Why couldn't the mayonnaise kethup?
a: Cuz he musturd. 

q: Did you hear about that amazing joke that Jesus told as he was dying?
a: I don't know the joke, but apparently he nailed the execution.

q: What's the difference between A pope and THE pope?
a: bout tree fiddy.

q: What do you call an asian women who flies an airplane?
a: A pilot, you fucking racist.

q: Did you hear about the new anti-consumerism movement?
a: Nobody's buying it! 

q: How do you get high underwater?
a: seaweed! lol my friends 12 yr old daughter told us this one 

q: What's the funniest thing you can find in a closet?
a: Robin Williams

q: What is Paul Georges favorite place to eat at?
a: IHOP

q: What's the diffrence between a Chickpea and a Gorbanzo bean?
a: I woun't pay a 100 bucks for a Gorbanzo bean on my face.

q: What do you call a black guy on the moon?
a: An Astronaut.

q: Why do the sharks only swim in salt water?
a: ......because they would sneeze in pepper water.

q: What do you call a punctuation mark that's got a girlfriend?
a: ..accommodating.

q: What's left when a jew takes a shower?
a: Their shackle

q: Did you hear about the Mexican hit-man who was a chronic masturbator?
a: He got excited when he was ordered to rub Juan out.

q: What did the illiterate man say upon realizing the couch he just purchased was made of fake leather?
a: Oh for faux sake!

q: What's the definition of an african-american?
a: Proof that skunks and monkeys fuck.

q: What did Robin Williams suicide note say?
a: "Sorry guys...I gotta go see about a girl."

q: What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the South?
a: Nothing, someone's losing the trailer. -Robin Williams

q: Ants Dancing ?
a: Q: Why did the ants dance on the jam jar? A: The lid said, "Twist to open."

q: Why do they like to watch Star Wars on the big screen on aircraft carriers?
a: They're all about force projection.

q: Why do people buy smart cars?
a: Because opposites attract.

q: Why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
a: To get to the same side.

q: What is JPA? Joke point average. Where do people with high JPAs go to?
a: Hahaharvard

q: What do you tell an unemployed Rastafarian?
a: Jah bless.

q: How many women with PMS does it take to screw-in a light bulb?
a: Two. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . IT JUST DOES, OKAY?

q: What do you do if you see a nigger shot 50 times?
a: Stop laughing and reload.

q: What do you find up a clean nose?
a: Finger-prints. 

q: Did you hear that they are rebooting the show Six Feet Under?
a: I heard that Robin Williams will be starring in it

q: Why did Josh Gordon marry Mary Jane?
a: So he'd only get a 2 game suspension for abusing her. 

q: What do you call an online relationship?
a: E-bae... I'll see myself out

q: If Apple designed a car, would it have windows?
a: Before you get your panties in a bunch, I know I did not make this joke. I heard it from a friend and I don't know how came up with it first. Probably Bill Gates... 

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic?
a: Hasta last vista, baby.

q: You know why Russia is more productive?
a: They're rushin'

q: Why did the Irish woman only put 239 beans into her bean soup?
a: Because 1 more would have been 240... 

q: Why did the mule fail his math test?
a: He was half-assing it 

q: Did you hear about the worlds greatest magician?
a: He was walking down the street and turned into a drug store 

q: Why did you get a tattoo?
a: Because tatthrees were too expensive.

q: Why was Game Of Thrones banned from twitter?
a: Because twitter has an 140 character limit.

q: What is the last thing you want to hear after blowing Willie Nelson?
a: 'I'm not Willie Nelson' Credit: old joke via: Norm Macdonald

q: Why did the snowman have his pants down?
a: Because he heard the snowblower was coming. 

q: What's the difference between Karate and Judo?
a: Karate is a martial art and Judo is used to make bagels. 

q: What do you take on a math camping trip?
a: 2/10 

q: What's the difference between a dead hooker and a Ferrari?
a: I didn't lose my virginity to a Ferrari.

q: What do you call three rabbits hopping backwards?
a: A receding hare line.

q: [Pickup Line] Are you a phillips or flathead?
a: OP: Uh, I don't know, why? YOU: I'm just trying to figure out how to screw you.

q: Where did the father of the paper sack live?
a: Baghdad!

q: Where does the Empire buy their robes?
a: The Darth Mall!

q: How do you get 4 old ladies to yell "Shit!"?
a: Get a 5th old lady to yell "Bingo!"

q: What is a toad's favorite genre of music?
a: Hip hop. 

q: What do Jesus, Gandhi and Mel Gibson all have in common?
a: They all had a brave-heart. 

q: What did Sonic the Hedgehog say during Ramadan?
a: "Gotta go fast!"

q: What's black, blue, and red all over?
a: The Grudge at a rave.

q: Did you hear about that pirate movie?
a: It's rated "Arrrrrrrr!"

q: How do you call a puzzled amputee?
a: Stumped.

q: What do you call it when a shepherd can't find his ram?
a: Memory loss.

q: What are some names for a dating website that caters specifically to people with diseases?
a: I saw this joke in a thread on Reddit but I cannot find the source.  If anyone knows where it is, please comment it!  Not a tasteful joke, more of a "I'm going to hell for laughing at this" type.  There are real websites out there for this, which I personally find neat.

q: What does a black guy do after sex?
a: 15 to life

q: What is the South American Music Scale?
a: Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti No (This is a joke I wrote a loooonnngg time ago, tell me what you think.)

q: How do you fit four gays on one stool?
a: Flip it upside-down.  (sorry in advance) 

q: What was the last thing that went through the bugs head after he hit the window shield?
a: His ass

q: What type of car would Jesus drive?
a: A Chrysler 

q: What happens to a drunk vampire?
a: They get a fangover.

q: What do you call a lesbian Pakistani?
a: Minge eater

q: So how was the tourettes convention?
a: SHIT

q: What do you do when a box kotex catches on fire?
a: throw it on the ground and tampon it.

q: How long does it take for a black woman to take out the trash?
a: 9 months.

q: What time does Sean Connery show up to wimbledon?
a: Tennish

q: When Lil John goes to a hotel and they ask him if he wants turn down service, does he refuse?
a: That's all.

q: Why did the bike fall over?
a: It was too tired

q: Why don't blind men go skydiving?
a: Because it scares the shit out of the dog!

q: What branch of government actually listens to the people?
a: What branch of government actually listens to the people?

q: What did the retarded kids call there rock band?
a: Syndrome of a Down...

q: What's the difference between an egg and Elliot Rodger?
a: An egg gets laid before it cracks.

q: How do you make soup from a computer?
a: It's easy; just throw in a couple of Boolean cubes.

q: How many kids with A.D.D. does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?

q: What's the difference between Bono and Jesus?
a: Jesus didn't walk around Dublin acting like he's Bono.

q: Why did the horror fan switch off Cujo?
a: Because he felt like IT

q: What do pink flamingos have on their front lawns?
a: Plastic Italians.

q: What do you call it when a prayer is answered?
a: A coincidence. 

q: What's a Scottish transsexual's favourite drink?
a: Mango Lassi

q: What's Beethoven's favorite favorite Japanese weapon?
a: Ka-ta-na-na!

q: Have you ever seen moth balls?
a: Yeah? Well, how did you get their tiny legs apart?

q: What's Green and has 5 Wheels?
a: Grass, I lied about the wheels! Shnockers

q: Why do Italians wear gold chains?
a: So they know where to stop shaving.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and Mexicans?
a: Jesus doesn't have any tattoos of Mexicans.

q: Why was the OCD race car driver so fast?
a: Because he had anal prolapse.

q: Why are mushrooms small?
a: Because there isn't mush-room.

q: When is the only time a woman says something smart?
a: When her sentence starts with "A wise man once said"

q: Why did John F. Kennedy die?
a: He was too open-minded.

q: How many NYC cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they just beat the room for being black.

q: How are AIDS researchers like Jews?
a: There's a lot less of them than there used to be...

q: What's the best thing about fucking a pregnant woman?
a: Getting a blowjob at the same time.

q: What's the difference between a mosque and a school?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drones.

q: Why did Sally fall off the swing??
a: Because she had no arms. 

q: Why are Jewish men circumcised ?
a: Because a Jewish woman won't touch anything unless it's 50% off.

q: What is the most useless superpower?
a: America.

q: What kind of room has no walls?
a: A mushroom!

q: Why do girls never travel in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What does a burning Mexican farm smell like?
a: Tacos. Overheard an old man telling another guy how he lost his farm in Mexico , and how the smell reminded  him of tacos. 

q: What do you get when you send a duck backwards in time to the moment before you sent the duck?
a: A Pair-a-ducks.

q: What did the bee say to his wife?
a: No on knows. It's a Mister Bee.

q: What do you call a cow masturbating in an open field?
a: Beef-Stroke-Anoff

q: Do you know how to tell the difference between a rectal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
a: They taste different.

q: Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
a: Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?  A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.

q: How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to remove it.

q: What do soy beans and dildos have in common?
a: They are both meat substitutes!

q: What's Irish and sits outside?
a: Paddy O'furniture

q: What's the difference between a girl with herpes and a leather shoe?
a: If you had to, you could eat the leather shoe.

q: What is so brilliant with a Arabian blow-up doll?
a: They blow themselves up.

q: What's the favorite whiskey of Unidan?
a: Jackdaw Niel's

q: What's a one way streets favorite band?
a: One Direction

q: What's the most romantic pasta?
a: Farfalle. It always gives me butterflies in my stomach.

q: (UK) Did you hear about the new brand of shampoo for pikeys?
a: Go 'n' Wash

q: What's black on top and white at the bottom?
a: Rape.

q: What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat?
a: One's weasily recognised - the other's stoatally different

q: What did the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac do?
a: Lay awake in bed wondering if there really is a dog.

q: What beer does Sean Connery drink?
a: Grols

q: What noise does Doppler's cat make?
a: Meeeeeaaaaaaoooooo

q: What do you call an African who plays 10 pin bowling online?
a: Ebola.

q: Why did the soccer player have to ask for a bib at the restaurant?
a: Because he was Messi

q: What does a pediatrist do when you ask them which body part they find most interesting?
a: They admit de feet.

q: What do The Pope & a Christmas Tree have in common?
a: The balls are just for decoration.

q: What is Kim Kardashian's favorite hockey team?
a: The Chicago Blackhawks

q: Did you guys know a Mexican's brain is the most expensive out all the race?
a: Because its brand new and never been used

q: How do you get half of Mexico to jump off a cliff?
a: Throw a penny off. How do you get the other half to jump too? ... Tell them no one found it yet.

q: What do you call Kanye dressed as Kermit?
a: I don't know, but it's not Yeezy being green.

q: How many Dornishmen does it take to shoe a horse?
a: Nine. One to do the shoeing, and eight to lift up the horse!

q: What is Putin's favorite new ballot?
a: Crimea River

q: You know what they say about camping...?
a: It's intense.

q: What is the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
a: I didn't make an enzyme last night.

q: What kind of pants do Bostonians wear?
a: Car Keys

q: What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: What do you call a British midget mother who can barely support her family?
a: Mini-Mum

q: Why does the Illuminati have to be the bad guy all the time?
a: Why can't they just be the Illuminice?

q: How do you break a Polish man's finger?
a: Punch him in the nose.

q: What do you call a midget, that escaped prison, that is also a psychic?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What were the infinite number of Indian Mathematicians complaining about?
a: That the Hilbert Hotel didn't book Uncountables.

q: What's the worst part about 4 black guys driving off a cliff in an escalade?
a: They were my friends. :(

q: What is M. Night Shamalan's favorite game?
a: Twister.

q: What do you call the things on the end of Winnie the Pooh's feet?
a: Putos (Ask your Mexican friend)

q: What's the worst thing to hear during a prostate exam?
a: Look! No hands!

q: You know what gets me down?
a: Gravity...

q: How often do I make a chemistry joke?
a: Periodically. 

q: [META] Spoiler Tags?
a: I love a good joke, but I'm a sucker for skipping ahead. Like, my eyes just skip to the last line for no reason. I read the punchline, and I didn't get any chuckles at all. Does anyone else do this? If it's not just me, do we want start spoiler tagging the punchlines? Or does this cause trouble (like, mobile viewing for example)?

q: What do you call nondeterministically scrambled Crunk?
a: White and black noise.

q: Why cant Skrillex go fishing?
a: ...because he always drops the bass.

q: What do you call a pimp without a cane?
a: A caneless pimp.

q: What did the diver say to the oyster?
a: I want that pearl! Don't be shellfish! 

q: How many gay men can you fit on a bar stool?
a: 4 if you turn it upside down.

q: Why do people take acid at raves?
a: Because there's so much base. 

q: What do you call someone who's been kicked out of a fraternity?
a: Hasbro.

q: What do you call a skydiving tonsil who's afraid that something bad might happen?
a: Paranoid!

q: What did the octogenarian pirate say?
a: Arr matey! 

q: What do you call earrings on a gay man?
a: Queerings

q: [Knee-slappin, terrible OC] Why was the nun named "NPN"?
a: She was a trans-sister! I'm so sorry for wasting your precious mouse clicks on that god-awful joke

q: Why didn't Ukraine go to war with Russia yet?
a: They were Putin up with him. 

q: Is that water coming out of your nose?
a: No, it'snot

q: Why didn't Bruce Willis star in the movie "Titanic"?
a: Because he would've saved everybody.

q: What do you call a boat whose captain has no idea what he's doing and works for free?
a: The Internship

q: How did the hippie remember the number of wives he had?
a: He counted 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, 3 Mississippi, 4 Mississippi...

q: Want to hear a clean joke?
a: Jerry took a bath with bubbles.  Want to hear a dirty joke?  Bubbles is a man.

q: What type of jokes do planets tell each other?
a: Cosmic jokes.

q: What do you call a woman flying a plane?
a: A pilot, you sexist!

q: Where do cannibals get their vegetables from?
a: the coma ward.

q: How many Unidans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Six: one to screw it in and five to cheer him on loudly while standing in front of other people's bulbs so no one can see them.

q: What would you call it if pigs were flying yesterday?
a: Swine flu 

q: Why are pirates good at singing?
a: They have great hARRRmony. I'm sorry.

q: What do u call a spanish man with a rubber toe?
a: Roberto

q: What do you call a knight made out of clay?
a: Sir Amick

q: What's the difference between a gardener and a pimp?
a: A gardener doesn't want his hose to have kinks.

q: What do you call two ants that run away to get married?
a: Antelopes

q: Did you hear the one about the wooden car? With the wooden wheels? And the wooden engine?
a: .... it wooden work

q: Q. How would you write do not touch in Braile?
a: A. With copper wire and strong electric current. (read it in a shower thoughts thread)

q: My Asian friend bought a dog today! Guess how much they got it for?
a: $5.50 per pound.

q: Where does a lonely ant go when it is separated from its colony?
a: I have no idea, but this   looks like a good joke. So post your proposals in comments.

q: Did you hear about the guy who accidently used super glue instead of lube while having sex?
a: He's now a man trapped in a woman's  body..

q: How does Wonder Woman like Superman to perform oral sex?
a: She likes him to do the justice lick.

q: What's the difference between a rabbit on a treadmill and a rabbit with a carrot stuck up its nose?
a: One is a fit bunny and the other is a bit funny

q: Where do babies come from?
a: A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on."  The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now."  The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family

q: Want to hear a joke about my dick?
a: Ahhh never mind, it's too long.

q: Where do they categorize the history books in an Indian library?
a: Naan-Fiction. 

q: Gay pride parade? Why isn't there a straight pride parade?
a: They tried that but people kept on thinking it was the checkout line at Home Depot.

q: How did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend?
a: "I just need some space."

q: How do you spot Will Smith in a snowstorm?
a: You look for the fresh prints. 

q: What kind of water do you drink when the snow melts?
a: Spring water.

q: What do you call a coked-up Iron Man?
a: Steel Man.

q: What's God's favorite guitar chord?
a: G sus

q: Surely people with the middle name 'Will' are the most nominally determined people possible?
a: And if they they have quite a will, surely they are even more nominally determined, and surely if they are only slightly quite willful, surely they are ever more nominally determined, and in fact, because of this, the amount they are nominally determined is so much that they surely their name causes their life to be determined by their name so much that they cannot escape from their (W/w)ill. Hell, I guess you can tell by this long paragraph that nominal determinism is, in fact, my middle name.

q: What is one item which has never been affected by inflation?
a: Deer's Balls There are always under a buck

q: Where does a bee put its stinger?
a: In its honey

q: What do black people and Apple Inc. have in common?
a: They have no jobs

q: What did Neil Armstrong do after walking on the moon before Buzz Aldrin did?
a: gize.

q: Have you ever heard of the s-shaped well?
a: It's pretty swell. And I would tell you about the d-shaped well, but I'd rather not dwell on it.

q: What do you do if an epileptic falls in your swimming pool?
a: Throw in your laundry.

q: How do you know if your friend has an iPhone?
a: They tell you.

q: You know how racist make their pancakes?
a: With white powder.

q: What do you call someone who gets stoned and baked?
a: A witch.

q: Did you hear the one about the guy with no ears?
a: Neither did he.

q: What does Batman put in his drinks?
a: Just ice. 

q: Yarrrr! What's a pirrrate's favorite letterrr?
a: "R?" NOOO!!! It's the Sea!!!

q: Have you heard of nihilism?
a: Its kind of a Nietzsche philosophy. 

q: Have you heard about the man with five penises?
a: His underwear fit like a glove.

q: What did the farmer's daughter say when she lost her virginity?
a: Get off me dad you're crushing my smokes! Or "That'll do pig, that'll do." I have heard it both ways. 

q: Why do the Irish wear kilts?
a: Because sheep can hear a zipper a mile away.

q: Why're they called hemorrhoids?
a: Surely they should be called asteroids? :]

q: What did the left boob say to the right boob?
a: You're my breast friend. 

q: What do corn and staples have in common?
a: They're both staples.

q: What do you call one-tenth of a bell?
a: A Decibell.

q: Did you hear about the computer that ate an entire hamburger in one go?
a: It was a megabyte. 

q: How did Jim start losing weight after the holidays?
a: He just quit eating cold turkey.

q: What is the most awkward day in Harlem?
a: Father's Day

q: why are sex ed and drivers ed never on the same day in Iraq ?
a: the camel would get overworked

q: What do you call the first sperm that reaches the egg?
a: The ova achiever

q: What does snoop doggy dog use to do his laundry?
a: Answer in comments. 

q: What's a pirate's favorite firework?
a: M80

q: What do you get when you stick your dick in yogurt without asking first?
a: Rape culture.

q: What's a farmers favourite metal band?
a: KoRn

q: What kind of dog is best at keeping secrets?
a: hush puppies

q: Why can't you tell a joke to a dwarf?
a: Because it will go right over his head

q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
a: Supplies!, I'm gay.

q: What kind of phone does a molester have?
a: the iTouch. ( lame but I made it up in class when I was like 15 lmfao)

q: What is a East Indian child's favourite game?
a: Hide and go Sikh

q: What's the difference between a good Samaritan and a Jew?
a: A good Samaritan means well, whereas a Jew is just well, mean.

q: Did you hear about the accountant who daydreams about being an actuary?
a: He craved more risk.

q: [DARK HUMOUR] What do you call a fat baby?
a: Quite a mouthful.

q: What do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed?
a: Furlong

q: What's the difference between family bonding and family bondage?
a: One is forced and borderline torture, the other is sex. 

q: Why are African Americans called Negroes?
a: Because their dicks grow to their knees. Negro=knee grow

q: How did the anus win against the race car driver?
a: He rectum 

q: What's the difference between a happy person and ET?
a: A happy person has a light heart and ET has a heart light

q: Why is North Korea so evil?
a: Because it's got no Seoul!

q: Did you hear about the new cemetery?
a: People are dying to get in.

q: What's a sucker's favorite drink?
a: Punch

q: What is a Jamaicans favorite country to visit?
a: Yeahman

q: Why did the arsonist go to the gym?
a: To burn some calories.

q: Whats it called when batman leaves church early?
a: Christian Bale

q: Where can you go to pick up black birds?
a: The crow bar

q: How do trees access the internet?
a: They log on

q: What do bed detectives solve?
a: Pillow cases

q: What do you call 2 doctors walking together?
a: Pair-o-Medics

q: What did the buffalo say when his kid left for college?
a: Bison

q: Why did the T-Rex go extinct?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction.

q: What's the difference between and epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery?
a: One shucks between fits and the other, well...

q: Why the F1 driver doesn't get along with his crew?
a: He has thrust issues.

q: What's the similarity between Michael Jackson and a raped Middle Eastern woman?
a: They got stoned to death.

q: What do you call optimistic lube?
a: Lubrican

q: What do you call someone who has blonde hair, blue eyes and worships the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
a: A Pastafaryan.

q: How did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
a: Burger King forgot to wrap his Whopper.

q: What do you call a duck on a rampage?
a: Amok

q: What is Stannis Baratheon's favorite genre of metal?
a: Grindcore

q: Barack Obama is on a sinking ship, who gets saved?
a: The Country!

q: Did you hear about the guy who is addicted to drinking brake fluid?
a: It's okay though, he said he can stop whenever he wants.

q: What's the difference between a moan and a scream?
a: About 3 inches

q: If God were a guitar chord, what would he be?
a: Gsus

q: Why did Hitler lose the war?
a: Because his tanks wouldn't stop Stallin'.

q: What do you call a spoiled girl blogging about her 1st world problems?
a: A feminist.

q: Under what circumstance is mass a unit of time?
a: Church

q: Why did Dave Grohl buy such a tall house?
a: He wanted to make sure he was getting the best, the best, the best, the best-a view.

q: What is the biggest joke?
a: Reddit.

q: What do you call a news anchor with diarrhea?
a: Anderson Pooper

q: Why did the couch give the table a dollar?
a: Because it was for chair-ity

q: What is a dark comedy?
a: A black guy with small 

q: Can someone please explain this joke?
a: Q. What do you call a bald teddy? A. Fred bear I don't get it.

q: What did we call IT before computers ?
a: The Mail Room

q: What dose a old lady got between her tits?
a: Her belly button.

q: What did the horny frog say?
a: Rub-it

q: Why was Jesus so ripped?
a: because he did crossfit...

q: What do you name an African tech startup?
a: Double Click! (Okay, Khoisan only.)

q: Did you hear about Hellen Keller's tree house?
a: Neither did she.

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean?
a: Bob

q: What do you tell someone who doesn't like Depeche Mode?
a: Enjoy the silence. 

q: What's the difference between a million dollar car and a pile of dead babies?
a: There's no million dollar car in my garage.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a pound of coke?
a: Eric Clapton would never drop a pound of coke.

q: Did you hear about the horror movie set in a campground?
a: It was in tents.

q: What do women and hurricanes have in common?
a: When they come, they are wet and wild, and when they leave they take the house.

q: Why did the peanut go to jail?
a: He was a-roasted peanut.

q: What do you call money that grows on trees?
a: Marijuana

q: What do you call an Indian with a question?
a: Curry-osity

q: What is a neck beard's favorite country?
a: M'Laysia

q: How do you make three pounds of fat attractive?
a: Put a nipple on it.

q: How do you silence an Italian?
a: Cut off his hands

q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
a: Then it'll be a foot.  I'm so sorry. 

q: Whatever happened to Robot Jones?
a: He got cancelled.

q: Are you waiting for my comeback?
a: You can scrape it off your mom's teeth

q: What do you call an apple filled with cement?
a: Hardcore.

q: Why doesn't Barbie get pregnant?
a: ...because Ken comes in a separate box. 

q: Why didn't the feminist get a job at the post office?
a: Because she refused to work in a mail dominated industry.

q: What is a drug addict's favorite series?
a: Really anything with a strong Heroine

q: What is white and streaks across the sky at blinding speeds?
a: The coming of the lord

q: What does a German say at a Dude Ranch?
a: AUDI. 

q: What do you call a soldier with long arms?
a: An army soldier

q: What do you call a black person that flys an airplane?
a: A pilot you racist bastard

q: What does 70 year old pussy taste like?
a: Depends.

q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb ?
a: Just Juan.

q: Which fish is the redneck's favorite?
a: A Bearcooter

q: What's the difference between Kung-Fu and Judo?
a: One is the ancient art of self defense. The other is what you make bagels out of. 

q: What does a Mexican use to cut pizza?
a: Little Caesars 

q: What do ducks get hooked on?
a: Quack

q: What's the cheapest meat?
a: Deer balls. They're under a buck.

q: Why does the Asian News Anchor not stand up from behind his desk during presidential races?
a: because he's covering an erection!

q: What do you call the ticket to get into a giant space station shaped like a vagina?
a: A cunt-astro-fee!

q: What do you call it when a blacksmith makes something white?
a: Irony.

q: What's a terrorists favorite sports team?
a: The new York jets.

q: What effect does global warming have on Pennsylvania?
a: It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.

q: Why did the police drop the charges against the man accused of being an olive branch?
a: Because the charges wooden stick.   My humblest apologies.  * The case! Drop the case! Ah fuckit.

q: What is the smartest thing to come out of a woman's mouth?
a: Einstein's cock.

q: What is Moses's favorite beer?
a: Busch Light.

q: Why do teenage girls only hang out in odd numbered groups?
a: Because they literally cannot EVEN right now, ugh!

q: What kind of pizza did the Dalai Lama order?
a: one with everything

q: What happened to the over amorous clam?
a: It pulled a mussel. 

q: Is anyone else having problems with their spellchecker?
a: Mine keeps correcting into weird things. Like changing "my" into "me", "money" into "gold pieces" and the letter x into "here be treasure". It's a pirate copy.

q: What did the double-amputee say when he stood up?
a: "I stand corrected." -From 

q: Quickest way to turn someone into a Nazi?
a: Stab them in their right arm and then have a doctor wrap the wound in gauze. The blood will soak up the gauze and turn it red, possibly leaving a white circle on it. They are now a Nazi.

q: How are electric outlets punished?
a: They're grounded.

q: What did Sushi A say to Sushi B?
a: Wasabi

q: What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to?
a: Getting into a bit of a .tiff!

q: Why does granny have black eyes?
a: She was skipping without her bra

q: Did you guys hear about the Great Potato Famine in Ireland?
a: Seriously, how hard is it to feed your potatoes?

q: What sport do Japanese people watch?
a: Desuball

q: How do supernatural entities cum?
a: They have poltergasms

q: What do a puppy and a near sighted gynecologist have in common?
a: A wet nose.

q: How do you turn on a female mathematician?
a: You Euler up.

q: You are riding a horse. There is a giraffe beside you and a lion chasing you. What do you do?
a: You get your drunk ass off the carousel.  Edit: *off Thanks captain.

q: What do you call spaghetti made by Jamaican?
a: Rasta Pasta.

q: Did you hear about the hipster with heatstroke?
a: He got it before it was cool.

q: What did one statue say to the other statue he hadn't seen in a while?
a: "Statue bro?"

q: Why type of nut do Wallflowers like?
a: Walnuts

q: Omg! Leonardo DeCaprio! Wanna hear a joke about the Oscars?
a: Never mind, you probably won't get it anyways...

q: What did the philosophically-wise Mongol general say to motivate himself?
a: I'm not Immanuel Kant. I'm Genghis Kahn!

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow that won the award?
a: He was out standing in his field.

q: What does Shakespeare's dog eat?
a: Iambs!

q: Why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers?
a: Because they're sitting on a box.

q: What did the knife say to the pretty lady?
a: Nothing, she knew what was coming...

q: Did you hear about the monkey lawyer who kept throwing his shit at the witnesses?
a: He's been transferred to a different branch.

q: What is the primary job of an alligator?
a: ...make allegations

q: How can you tell if an elephant has been in the fridge?
a: There are footprints in the butter 

q: Did you hear about Ken M.?
a: He was a master baiter, but they told him to beat it.

q: How do you greet a gay Hispanic?
a: Homo Ests!

q: What do you call a stripper with a cattle prod?
a: Electrifying entertainment.

q: What did the little Iraqi girl tell her father after he bought her a new backpack?
a: Thanks for the Baghdad.

q: What do you call a colored man ?
a: A Hueman 

q: How many seconds are in a year?
a: Only 12. One for every month.

q: What do you call 500 old white guys chasing a black man with clubs?
a: The PGA tour.

q: How do you get three popes into a Volkswagen?
a: You take off their hats

q: How do you tell when a girl really wants you?
a: When you put your hand down her pants you think you're feeding a horse.

q: In Greece how do you separate the men from the boys?
a: With a crowbar.

q: A bunch of angry redditors get pissed because of...?
a: (This joke?)

q: What did one pee drinker say when he surprised the other pee drinker?
a: Urine for a treat!

q: What do you call a blind gynecologist?
a: A pain in the ass

q: Did you hear about the baby that was born without eyelids?
a: Luckily the doctors were able to graft him a new pair from his foreskin. The operation was a success, however now the baby's a little cockeyed.

q: What is the best part about duct tape?
a: It can turn "no, no, no!" Into "mmm, mmm, mmm"

q: whats the difference between Court and Supreme Court?
a: Supreme Court comes with sour cream and guac. 

q: What's the slogan for Orion's Pizza?
a: OP delivers. Not a great joke, but my wife claims no one will get it. I am trying to prove her wrong.

q: How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
a: ...... ...... ...... I'll get back to you in a few weeks

q: Where does Putin negotiate?
a: The Crimea River

q: Where do you buy a Walrus?
a: WalMart!

q: Did you hear about the new Chinese rap duo?
a: 2 Changz

q: What does the math teacher do when he gets constipated?
a: Works it out with a pencil.

q: How many apples grow on trees?
a: All of them..

q: What is Putin to Ukraina, a friend or a brother ?
a: A brother, because you can choose your friends.

q: Why are valley girls so odd?
a: They can't even.

q: How do you fit 500 jews in a smart car?
a: Put them in the ash tray

q: Did you hear about the Polack that crashed a helicopter?
a: He was getting cold, so he turned off the fan

q: How do you know if someone grew up in New York City?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: You know why Miss Piggy can't count to 70?
a: She gets to 69 and has a frog in her throat. Edit

q: Why don't anteaters ever get sick?
a: Because they are full of antibodies!

q: Why was Jesus I such good shape?
a: Crossfit. Why did the Romans hate Jesus so much? He wouldn't shut up about crossfit.

q: Did you head about the rabbi who only drank lemonade?
a: He's an acidic Jew....

q: Why are all Mexican jokes and Black jokes the same?
a: Because once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.

q: What do you call an obese terrorist who plays for the Yankees?
a: Derek Bin Jeter

q: Where did Hitler watch TV?
a: In his 

q: What did the marine eat for lunch?
a: Semper fries

q: What does CNN call back-to-back aviation disasters?
a: Christmas in July

q: What did the clitoris say to her therapist?
a: "I'm a bundle of nerves right now!"

q: Which is worse, ignorance or apathy?
a: I don't know and I don't care.

q: What did the blanket say when he fell off the bed?
a: Aw sheet!  One of my favorite, cheesiest jokes of all time. Thought it would be a good first post to Reddit!

q: How do you organise games in Pompeii?
a: Make aedile. 

q: can you guys help me find an AC/DC song?
a: it has 3 power chords and the lyrics are about being a badass, Thanks!

q: Who steals from the poor and gives to the rich?
a: Robbin' hood

q: Why do Native Americans make good strippers?
a: No matter where they are, they'll always make it rain when they dance.

q: Why did the medium cross the road?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What do you do when you meet a robotic genie?
a: You mech a wish.

q: What's a butt's favorite exercise?
a: High Knees

q: What do you call a politically powerful shrub in Jamaica?
a: A hegemon.

q: What did the snowman say to the other snowman?
a: "do you smell carrots?"

q: What did one ameoba say to the other ameoba?
a: Go fuck yourself.

q: What do you call a dog with no hind legs?
a: Dragon balls!

q: What do you call a guy dumped by his Asian girlfriend?
a: Disoriented.

q: What's the difference between dead animals on the road and dead lawyers on the road?
a: Dead animals have skid marks AROUND them

q: What's even harder to find than Bigfoot, UFOs, the Loch Ness Monster, and diamonds in Minecraft?
a: The real download button on Softpedia.com

q: What do you call a group of obese gender reassigned persons?
a: Trans fats. 

q: Why can't Vader find a steady relationship?
a: He keeps looking for love in Alderaan places

q: New girlfriend?
a: ( ):  Hmmm, I guess things are really getting serious between me and my girlfriend, uh, Angie, because I just added the song "Angie" to my favourites playlist.  ( ):  I mean, I don't even particularly like that song.

q: Why did the punk-rocker cross the road?
a: He had a chicken stapled to his face.

q: whats the difference between hell and gaza?
a: there's no kids in hell

q: What smells like pork?
a: Kermits finger

q: What did Hitmonlee say to Hitmonchan when he said he said his jokes sucked?
a: "I'm sorry , I'm not very good at executing punchlines."

q: Why did the Fonz have red eyes?
a: Because he had   fever!

q: Which came first, the chicken or the egg...?
a: ...which ever one was more excited. 

q: What's the worst thing about being a paedophile?
a: I guess, just trying to fit in.

q: How did the clerk greet the prostitute?
a: "What can I do you for?"

q: Why can't Indiana Jones find a long lasting relationship?
a: Bad dates.

q: Do you know the major difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps?
a: Michael Phelps can actually finish a race.

q: How do you get a philosophy major off of your porch?
a: Pay for the pizza.

q: What does a slave driver do with his slaves when he's bored?
a: He racism.  

q: You know what they should call "Tinder" in Manhattan?
a: The New York Cock Exchange

q: Why are Russians so heartless?
a: Because organ traders offer good price.

q: Why can't Two-Face kill Batman?
a: Because he's two Dents.

q: What did the Vietnamese sandwich salesman say to the unhappy mod?
a: Bnh m

q: What does a witch take when she can't poop?
a: Hexlax

q: What does the ninja call his penis?
a: meningococcal

q: How does Lady Gaga like her meat cooked?
a: Raw raw raw raw raw!

q: What's half of 8?
a: 5. The other half is 3.

q: What do you call a clever pig?
a: Cunningham

q: What'd you call a German businessman?
a: An enterpreNeuer.

q: What type of flour do you buy an orphan?
a: Self raising.

q: Which is more promiscuous, a Northern girl or a Southern girl?
a: A Northern girl says "You can" but  a Southern girl says "Y'all can"!

q: What is Bruce Lee's Favourite Drink?
a: WOTAHHHHHH

q: What does the number 3 have in common with a Tumbler user?
a: They both can't even.

q: What was Bruce Lee's favorite hotel?
a: HYATT!!!

q: What's brown and black and looks good on a hippy?
a: A rottweiller.

q: What do you get when you push a cow out of a plane?
a: Ground beef

q: What's a duck's favorite drug ?
a: Quack

q: What is the difference between Elliot Rodgers and Malaysia Airlines?
a: Malaysia Airlines only has been shot down once.

q: What is an alto's favorite drink?
a: High C!

q: what do you call it when Batman skips church?
a: a Christian Bale

q: What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball?
a: Juan on Juan.

q: What do you call Christopher Walken when he is sitting?
a: Christopher Sitten

q: You know pterodactyls' don't make noise right?
a: Even the P is silent.

q: Did you hear about the two guys who stole a calender?
a: They each got 6 months. 

q: What do you call a melon with overbearing parents?
a: cantaloupe ;)

q: What is Weird Al Yankovic's favorite pick up line?
a: Hey, so are you familiar with my parodies? Yeah my PAIR O DEEZ NUTS!!!

q: What did the duck say to the hooker?
a: Put it on my bill.

q: What do you call a constipated mason?
a: A brick-layer.

q: You know how to spell "Canada" right?
a: "C - Eh - N - Eh - D - Eh" 

q: Whats the difference between Yoghurt and the USA?
a: Yoghurt has a culture.

q: What's your best mattress joke?
a: Trying to win a new mattress in a contest and I need a clean mattress joke to win (dumb, I know)

q: What's the easiest way to get laid?
a: Crawl up a chickens ass and wait.

q: What's the difference between an Art major and a guy who mops bathrooms at KFC?
a: One has a job.

q: Wanna hear my construction joke?
a: I'm still working on it...

q: Hey you know how people say they hate math because it doesn't make sense?
a: I think that is unfair because math loves them. The problem is that math shows its love by playing hard to get.

q: what retail store does a cat go to when it loses it's tail?
a: a retail sto- goddamn it I did it again

q: What is a skeletons favorite tool?
a: A bonesaw

q: Where did the Fonz go for his drinking problem?
a: A-AAAAAAYYYYYYYY

q: Did you hear about the constipated chancellor of the exchequer?
a: He couldn't budge-it!

q: What do you get if you inject a baby goat with chimpanzee DNA?
a: Thrown out of the petting zoo.

q: What happened when the Malaysian asked the Russian out on a date?
a: He got shot down.

q: How do you get a kleenex to dance?
a: You put a little boogie in it.

q: Why did America remove the "u" from "colour"?
a: Because fuck u  that's why

q: What can bring The Beatles back together?
a: Two more bullets.

q: Why are the Ninja Turtles on the No-Fly list?
a: Because they are members of an underground Splinter cell.

q: How do you stop a lawyer from drownng?
a: Shoot him before he hits the ground

q: What if Hitler was cast for 'The Matrix' instead of Keanu Reeves?
a: The movie would have been pretty... Neo-Nazi.

q: YOU KNOW THE FUCKING DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PAUL WALKER AND MY COMPUTER?
a: I ACTUALLY GIVE A FUCK WHEN MY COMPUTER CRASHES.

q: What is something that everyone overlooks no matter how hard they try not to?
a: Their nose

q: Why was the tree soooo happy?
a: Because he didn't arbor any feelings!

q: What do you call a magic dog in French?
a: A magi-chien.

q: What do you say to a chav that has got a job?
a: Bigmac and fries please

q: What did the hippie say when somebody told him to get off of their couch?
a: Namaste.

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs laying in a pile of leaves?
a: Russel. 

q: If a plane crashes on the US/Canada border, where do you bury the survivors?
a: you dont bury survivors

q: What's the difference between a greyhound bus station and a lobster wearing a bra?
a: One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean! Edit: HAHahHAHA OMFG I'm the epitome of hilarity

q: What do you call an anorexic blonde with a yeast infection?
a: Quarter pounder with cheese !

q: What's the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?
a: I wouldn't pay $100 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.....  :D eh. Eh.?

q: What does your s*** smell like?
a: Freedom.

q: What do you call a dirty drug addict with a lisp?
a: Methy

q: Why did the shark cross the ocean?
a: To get to the other tide!

q: What do your call a deer with no eyes?
a: No Eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye-deer! What do you call a deer with no eyes, no legs, and no dick? Still no fucking eye-deer!

q: How many times do you have to tickle a squid to make it laugh?
a: ten tickles 

q: How do you fit an elephant in the subway?
a: You take the letter "S" out of "sub", and the letter "F" out of "way".

q: What did the blind man say to the deaf man?
a: Nothing. Because the blind man can't fucking see him and even if he said something, the deaf man wouldn't be able to fucking hear it.

q: What do you call a hot chick in Boston?
a: A tourist

q: Why did the Egyptian spit out his water?
a: Because it came from the Suez.

q: Why did the Cell Tower Cafe get bad reviews?
a: Because the service was horrible.

q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head as it hits the windshield?
a: It's butt!

q: What do you call a woman on her period?
a: A bloody cunt.

q: What do you call a non-violent venereal disease?
a: Ghandi-rhea

q: Why does James Brown like South Korea?
a: Because its got Seoul.

q: What is worse, ignorance or apathy?
a: I don't know, and i don't care..

q: When are they going to bring slavery back?
a: I am tired of looking for a job.

q: What's the difference between communism and capitalism?
a: In the former, man exploits man, in the latter, it's exactly the opposite.

q: Can somebody help me debug Malaysian Flight Simulator?
a: It keeps crashing unexpectedly :/

q: What did Batman say to Robin before Robin got in the car?
a: "Robin, get in the car." 

q: What did the autobots call Optimus Prime after he died?
a: Posthumous Prime

q: Where do bears go after smoking some weed?
a: Hibearnation

q: What's the difference between Father's Day and Mother's Day?
a: fathers day is when you thank your dad for not pulling out. mothers day is when you thank your mom for not swallowing you.. or spit you out... doesnt matter.

q: What do you get when you cross a pyrotechnician and Mexican food?
a: Explosive Diarrhea

q: Why can't Asian parents make a white baby?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white

q: Do you need a bag?
a: I had just bought a box of condoms when the cashier asked, "Do you need a bag?" I replied, "No, she's not that ugly."

q: What do you call breads ability to smell?
a: ... Naan sense!

q: What is Superman's greatest weakness?
a: A bucking horse.

q: How did the Jewish man take advantage of the wasted girl at the bar?
a: He had her pay his tab!

q: Why doesn't India celebrate halloween?
a: No Gandhi

q: What is the fiercest animal in the savanna?
a: The  . Because the lion is not as fierce as it seems...

q: What did the Mexican firefighter name his sons?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: How much did Juan weigh after eating Chinese food?
a: Juan ton

q: Did you hear about the constipated math teacher's problem?
a: She worked it out with a #2 pencil.

q: Why do hot girls always go for assholes?
a: I don't even like pegging.

q: What are the similarities between fat chicks and bricks?
a: they both get laid by mexicans

q: What did the fish say when it bumped its head?
a: Dam.

q: What food guide does a Chicagoan need in Japan?
a: A Ramen Manual.

q: How do you prepare corn like Sean Connery?
a: Shuck it long, and shuck it hard.

q: What did the farmer say to Lil Jon?
a: Turnip for what

q: What gets bigger every time I watch my neighbor undress in her bedroom window?
a: The restraining order

q: Why did the brother octopi look so alike?
a: They were itentacle twins.

q: What did the black horse name its daughter?
a: Sha-neigh-neigh. Thought of it at work.

q: Why don't cannibals eat clowns?
a: Because they taste funny

q: How many Software Engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None- that's hardware.

q: What is the hardest thing about eating a vegetable?
a: Getting her back into the wheelchair.

q: What did Mustafa's dad say after he founded Turkey?
a: attaturk. 

q: What do you call a Latino on a trick bike?
a: A BMXican.

q: What do you call lesbians doing karate?
a: dikewondo

q: What is the difference between a sock and a camera?
a: A sock takes five toes and a camera takes photos.

q: What did the mother bullet say to the father bullet?
a: We're having a BB.

q: Why did the plumber cry?
a: His family died.

q: Why are Muslims so good at driving at night?
a: Because that's when they brake fast.

q: How many dads does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to put it in and one to complain that he never screws anything anymore.

q: Why does snoop dog carry an umbrella?
a: Fo drizzle.

q: How do Malaysian airlines serve all their drinks?
a: On the rocks

q: Did you guys know that diarrhea is genetic?
a: It runs in your jeans.

q: Do you know what i did the first time i got a boner?
a: Went outside. I didn't know how big it would get. 

q: What's red and smells like green paint?
a: Red paint

q: Do you know what band really bugs me?
a: The Aphid Brothers

q: Did you hear about the guy hit with the 2 x 4?
a: He was board to death.

q: What's the leader of north korea's wife wear when she's not in the mood?
a: a Kimono

q: Do you want to hear a joke about pizza?
a: nevermind its so cheesy 

q: Why don't blind people skydive???
a: Because it scares the shit out of their dogs.

q: Why don't hat store owners and pet shop owner get along?
a: Because you can't be a fan of hat care and cat hair.

q: Why is it called an Xbox One?
a: Because you do a one and walk away.

q: What do you call silly pasta?
a: A noodlehead..

q: What do delinquent shapes get up to?
a: Shenanigons

q: Did you hear about the 4th place winner with the muscle condition?
a: Even though he didn't rank in the top three he still got atrophy.

q: Why can't French people count to 5?
a: Because there's a   in the way.

q: What is a doctor's most important quality?
a: Patience!

q: How does one robber ask another how they're doing?
a: "How are you holding up?"

q: How does a Jew make coffee?
a: He brews it.

q: What is Reddit's favorite pirate?
a: Neckbeard

q: What do you get if you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter?
a: A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.

q: Why can't Iron Man stay in a steady relationship?
a: He has rust issues.

q: Did you know Canada was originally going to be called "CND"?
a: When they were asked to spell it, they spelled it: C-eh. N-eh. D-eh.

q: What's the best way to save on toilet paper?
a: Slow your roll.

q: What do you call a coin featuring the image of a spaceship and a rooster?
a: Badmintin' (P.s. I'm sorry, this is terrible)

q: Why was the vampire's girlfriend mad at him?
a: Because she couldn't finish her sentences. Why couldn't she finish her sentences? He kept eating her periods.

q: At what age are musicians the loudest?
a: Forte

q: How many people do you have to kick out of their houses to have a World Cup?
a: Brazilians!

q: Why did the relationship between the creationist and Organic molecule not last ?
a: Because the creationist did not believe in carbon dating.

q: How many mens' rights activists does out take to change a lightbulb?
a: Well, not all of them.

q: How was copper wire invented ?
a: One copper coin, two dwarves.

q: Hey guys ,wanna hear a joke about a broken pencil?
a: Ugh never mind that , it's pointless.

q: Who always gets to the LGBT rally the fastest?
a: The lesbians, because they leave lickety-split.  Meanwhile, the gay guys are still packing their shit.

q: Why don't witches wear panties when flying?
a: To get a better grip on the broomstick.

q: Why can't you hear a psychiatrist urinating?
a: Because P is silent 

q: How does Mike Tyson track Will Smith in the snow?
a: He looks for fresh prints.

q: What do you get when you put root beer in a square glass?
a: beer

q: What did the spice say when it was told it wasn't flavourful enough?
a: "Oh come on, I'm only cumin!" I was so proud when I came up with this jewel.

q: What's orange and sounds like a carrot!!!????
a: A snowman blowing his nose!!!!!!!!

q: What do you call a single Mexican man?
a: No bae Jose

q: What is Batman's favorite thing to do with his money?
a: Make it Wayne.

q: Do you think it's ok to lie to a girl in order to sleep with her...?
a: Because I feel really bad about lying to my mom like that

q: What is the difference between 3 dicks and a joke?
a: Your mom cant take a joke.

q: How do you get a fly out of the kitchen?
a: Shit in the living room

q: Shouldn't you pet him first?
a: Two guys are in a park and see a dog licking it's nuts. First Guy: "Damn I wish I could do that" Second Guy: "Shouldn't you pet him first?"

q: Did you hear about the guy who couldn't afford vanity plates?
a: He had to change his name to J3X CY4

q: Hey are you from Gryfindor?
a: Great. Can I Slytherin? 

q: What is the difference between Snow White and Brazil?
a: Snow White had the excuse of being asleep before letting seven in. 

q: What is the difference between Iron man and Iron woman?
a: Iron man is a superhero.  Iron woman is a command. 

q: How do Russians drive to Alaska?
a: By bearing straight

q: What's the most popular contraceptive in Israel?
a: Iron condome

q: What is more dangerous than a polar bear?
a: A bi-polar bear.

q: Why did the gamer start working out?
a: He wanted to finally get respecced. 

q: How is a raven like a writing desk?
a: They both have quills. I was really annoyed when I first read Alice In Wonderland as a kid and there was no answer to this joke/riddle, so I just made up an answer. It's not too funny, so if anyone wants to come up with something clever/funnier, be my guest!

q: What do you call a man who loses pounds for a living?
a: A bad gambler

q: What kind of bug do you find on a long car ride?
a: An I-shoulda-pede.

q: Can you tease, please and never squeeze Argentina?
a: Yes, but you Gtze try a little tenderness.

q: What do you someone with no body and no nose?
a: Nobody knows!

q: Hey can you take the next left?
a: I gotta drop the cosby kids off at the pool.

q: What did Putin say when the world got mad at him for invading the Ukraine?
a: "Cri-me-a river!"

q: what do you call a man who has a rabbit up his bum?
a: Warren

q: Why don't 90 year old women have sex?
a: Have YOU ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: Why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver?
a: He always leaves you hanging

q: [Programming Joke] What method did SFML perform when the Human lost to the AI?
a: Text.GetRect()

q: How do you blow a movie quote?
a: You just put your lips together and whistle

q: How do you know that you are a redditor?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow.

q: Why do scientists call Helium , Barium and Curium the medical elements?
a: Because if you can't Helium or Curium , You'd Barium!

q: Where is the best place to hide something?
a: On the second page of Google search results.

q: Why did so many people show up to see the cannibal get cremated?
a: His family advertised it as a barbecue.

q: Why did the washing machine stop?
a: Somebody threw the towel in.

q: Why is it never hot in churches?
a: Because it's prayer conditioned.  I'll leave now....

q: Why can't your nose be twelve inches long?
a: Because then it'd be a foot

q: Why do gay people smoke cigarettes?
a: They love butts in their mouth

q: What do you call a midnight run to get ecstasy?
a: A nocturnal E-mission!!! I came up with this a few years ago and thought I should share with the masses:)

q: Whats a good come back for this joke?
a: Hi guys, this is my first post in this subreddit and i really need helps with a joke come back and im not sure of this subreddit is the right place but i check the rules and theres no rules about asking a joke so.. Anyway, i was texting with my bestie, we were joking and our last text was like this Me: Its a joke, not a dick, dont take it too hard Her: Jokes are ment to be funny Me: ... ...

q: How did the jews fight off Nazis?
a: Jew jitsu

q: Why did the crazed Packers fan throw out all of Aaron Rodgers's forks?
a: They were too Cutler-y.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? Hotel. Hotel who?
a: Ho, tell me where my money is!

q: What gave the blonde a stomach ache?
a: Nivea milk.

q: Ever heard the one about Superman, Wonder Woman and the Invisible Man?
a: Superman is flying around one day when he spots Wonder Woman laying on the beach butt naked. He thinks to himself "I'm faster than a speeding bullet, I could fly down there, take care of my business and be gone before she can blink an eye". So he swoops in, does his thing and disappears into the sky. Sensing the commotion, Wonder Woman cries out "What was that?". Invisible Man replies " I don't know, but all of the sudden my ass hurts".

q: What do you call a guy with rabbits up his arse/ass?
a: Warren.

q: How do you overcome tyrannical pancakes?
a: U syrup 'em

q: Whats your favourite brand of beer?
a: When i was younger, i used to drink any brand of  beer, but now  i am older Budweiser

q: Why did the rapper go to Whole Foods?
a: He heard they had fresh beets.

q: What did socialists use before candles?
a: Electricity

q: Did you hear that the king of the jungle fell into a deep, deep sleep?
a: He's a lion in a coma. 

q: [Game of Thrones] How do Littlefinger's prostitutes get in & out of the brothel?
a: Hodor.

q: What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?
a: Shakespeare 

q: Why do frat bros hate fruit loops?
a: They're eternally disappointed by two-can Sam.  

q: What's the difference between a pile of dead babies, and a Ferrari?
a: I don't have a Ferrari in my garage.

q: Why do rednecks hate math?
a: Integration.

q: Why did Johnny Bravo go to the pet store?
a: To pick up some chicks.

q: How do fish make calls?
a: On a shellphone! My 7 year old self was very proud of coming up with this one....

q: What was the Neo Nazi's favorite computer game?
a: Mein Kraft

q: What do you call it when you use Icy Hot as lube?
a: Fire in the hole!

q: What do you call two black guys walking down the street?
a: Nothing. Are you racist or something? 

q: Why did the fat girl cross the road?
a: She wanted some chicken.

q: What is a ducks favourite drug?
a: quack

q: What can turn a fruit into a vegetable?
a: Jeffrey Dahmer!

q: Did you hear the one about the guy with five dicks?
a: His pants fit like a glove!!

q: Why did the meatball chef get fired from the middle school cafeteria?
a: They caught him stroganoff. 

q: Why the long face ?
a: A horse walks into a bar.  Bartender: why the long face ?  Horse: because I'm a raging alcoholic. 

q: What Time Did Sean Connery Arrive at Wimbledon?
a: Tennish

q: Why is Dave Mustaine described as "heavy metal"?
a: Because he sings lead. (Better read than said.)

q: What's more fun then swinging a baby on a clothes line?
a: Stopping it with a shovel. 

q: How about a dirty joke?
a: the new born white duckling fell into the mud. the filthy, filthy mud.

q: Why is Adam known as the first accountant?
a: He turned a leaf and made an entry.

q: How many goals did Germany score?
a: A brazillian

q: How do you catch a unique bird?
a: Unique up on it. How do you catch a tame bird? Tame way you caught the unique bird.

q: Why was the circuit arrested?
a: Because it was charged with battery!

q: How did Hitler masturbate?
a: Freriously.

q: What do you call a hobo who becomes a pimp?
a: Rags to bitches

q: Did you hear about the skywriter's autobiography?
a: It was way over my head.

q: Need an Ark?
a: I Noah guy.

q: What did the pig say on a hot summer day?
a: I'm bacon!

q: When is a door not a door??
a: When it's ajar.

q: (Another nerdy joke) Did you hear the one about the anorexic girl?
a: She eventually overcame her disorder, but then lapsed into compulsive overeating. She gained 300 pounds and died of a heart attack. In the end, she was a round character.

q: How many Brazilian national football players does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: No one knows - every time they pick one up, they end up giving it away. 

q: What do you call a rich South American?
a: A Brazilianaire!

q: Why doesn't Waldo wear stripes?
a: He doesn't like to be spotted

q: What's the difference between a singer-songwriter and a puppy?
a: A puppy eventually grows up and stops whining. Thanks to PuddinHead742 for this one.

q: Did you hear about the opera singing monk?
a: He took a vow of Pavarotti.

q: How many sad soccer fans are there today?
a: A Brazillion...

q: What do you call someone who walks into a building full of people?
a: A cannibal.

q: Why did Brazil lose the World Cup?
a: Weak back.

q: Did you know Sally Ride had blue eyes?
a: Yes, one blew this way and one blew that way.  [Someone wrote a biography about her so I thought I'd throw this one out there to commemorate - Sally Ride:America's First Woman in Space]

q: Did you here about the nun who took up knitting?
a: She was making quite the habit of it.

q: Whats red and smells like blue paint?
a: Red paint

q: What do you call an eagle that is sick?
a: Illegal

q: What's the difference between a pimple and a Catholic Priest?
a: A pimple waits until you're 13-years-old before coming on your face. 

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a prostitute?
a: About a hundred bucks an hour.

q: Why do jews watch porn backwards?
a: so they can come when the prostitute hands the money to the guy

q: what did the fish say to the jelous fish?
a: ur jellyfish

q: Why are pirates, pirates?
a: They just  .

q: Did you guys hear about the talking polar bear?
a: He's very arcticulate! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

q: what do you call a dog magician?
a: A labracadabrador.

q: Did you hear about the new show, Scrabble on Broadway?
a: It's a play on words. 

q: What did the tampon tell the other tampon?
a: Nothing, both were stuck up bitches.

q: What do you call a Punjabi fellow stuck in the middle of a shark-filled ocean?
a: Amandeep trouble.

q: what is the hardest part of being a pedophile?
a: I dunno, probably making friends and fitting in

q: What do hackers do when they go on vacation?
a: They go phishing

q: Who is a chicken's favorite composer?
a: Bach

q: What did the suicide bombing instructor say to his students?
a: "Pay attention. I'm only going to show this to you once."

q: what is the best gift for a jehovah's witness?
a: an advent calender all those doors so many possibiltes.

q: Dad, can I have another cup of water?
a: Dad: But its your 12th cup tonight! Son: I know, the baby's room is still on fire.

q: Favorite joke as a kid. How did Hitler tie his shoes?
a: With little Nazis.

q: What did the Queen fans say at the stoning?
a: We will  We will  Rock you!

q: Have you heard about the guy who had his whole left side amputated?
a: I heard he is all right now.

q: Did you know that camels can last longer without water than sex?
a: They can go three weeks without water, but can't go a day without a hump.

q: Why was Anakin Skywalker king of the pub crawl?
a: Because he killed all the Yuenglings.

q: What do you call a white guy with an air horn?
a: A honkey

q: How do you make a German Shepherd?
a: Put him in a synagogue. 

q: Where is Hitler's bathroom?
a: Down ze hall on ze Third Reich!

q: What do you call a guy that never farts in public?
a: A privet tutor

q: What does sex and banks have in common?
a: You put it in, you take it out, then you lose interest!

q: Did you hear the one about Laurence the Roman Pot Smoker?
a: It was High Larrius 

q: Why did the chicken kill himself?
a: To get to the other side.

q: Why does C. Ronaldo comb his hair every game break?
a: So it won't get too Messi.

q: Did I tell you the one about the maize?
a: Nevermind, it's too corny.

q: Why are Firetrucks red?
a: There are always 4 men and 8 wheels on board, 8+4 is 12,  There are 12 inches in a ruler, Queen Mary was a ruler, Queen Mary was the name of a ship, Ships go on water, Fish are in water, Fish have fins, The Fins fought the Russians in the war, The Russian flag has red on it, ........and fire trucks are always russian

q: What's the worst thing about a September harvest?
a: Finding a plane in your field.

q: What does the most interesting man in the world eat for breakfast?
a: Dos Eggies

q: Did you hear about the man whose first girlfriend was a dwarf?
a: He's still nuts over her.

q: Did you here the joke about the dead guy?
a: Nevermind, it's time has passed.

q: A fly gets hit by a truck. what is the last thing to go through it's head?
a: It's arse

q: What do you call a bunch of Indians running down a hill?
a: A: A mudslide How do you make one? A: Roll a coin down a hill Who is the richest man in India? A: The guy who got the coin

q: Why would you get mad?
a: Because you cant take a joke.

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school?
a: It's ok now, he woke up.

q: How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn?
a: A buck an ear

q: Why couldn't JFK become a boxer?
a: Why couldn't JFK become a boxer? Because he couldn't take a shot to the head.

q: When did mathematicians get their independence?
a: March 14.

q: Why doesn't anyone care about the plot in porn?
a: Because, nobody appreciates good friction anymore.

q: What do you call a german tampon?
a: A twatstika....buh dum chh!

q: What was the name of Europe's most famous Jewish knight?
a: Sir cumcised

q: What do I have in common with Franz Kafka?
a: Neither of us have finished The Castle. 

q: What do you call it when a sheep sells his wool for money?
a: Cashearing! (Joke I made up last night at work, so be gentle with me)

q: Do you remember when you were a kid and you'd just sit a blow bubbles all afternoon?
a: Well, Bubbles is back in town and wondering how you're doing these days...

q: How did Jack know exactly where to find the goose in the giant's castle?
a: He had   her.

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: to get to the other side...

q: Why did the cowboy get a wiener dog?
a: Cause he wanted to get along little doggie.

q: What's the difference between Tim Howard and Jesus?
a: Jesus had 11 guys he could depend on.

q: What do you call a fake record player?
a: A phonygraph

q: You know what a vegetarian will never get?
a: A Spam.

q: Why did the Nazi cross the road?
a: to get to the geno-side.

q: Grossest Joke I've Ever Heard. What's the difference between Menstrual Blood and Sand?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: What do you call a road full of giraffes?
a: Giraffic.

q: What has 72 teeth and holds back the hulk?
a: My zipper.

q: Why shouldn't you eat meat from pot smoking cows?
a: Because the steaks are too high. 

q: How many drums does it take to make a good ska band?
a: Nobody knows.

q: How many American golf fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: 1001 1 to offer up the bulb and 1000 to scream 'Get in the hole'

q: What is the difference between a drunk driver and a high driver?
a: The drunk driver will blow through a stop sign without even knowing it was there.. The high driver will wait until it turns green

q: How does a young man make an old woman feel young again?
a: Elixir

q: How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry?
a: "It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!"

q: Why should you never order the eggs while in France?
a: Because they are always uf.

q: What do you call a game of basketball between two Mexicans?
a: Juan on Juan.

q: Why did the CIA torture the Russian wasp?
a: Because he was a cagey bee agent.

q: What do you call it when a psychic midget escape from prison?
a: A small medium at large

q: Why couldn't the man open a fish and herb shop?
a: Because he didn't have the thyme or the plaice.

q: What do you call a mollusc that's just short of consciousness?
a: A Conch.

q: What do you call an amphibian in hiding?
a: Incognitoad.

q: What do you call a thief that leaves a trail?
a: A crummy thief!

q: You know what the doctor told the midget?
a: You'll have to be a little patient.

q: What did a lemon with a lisp say to the juicer?
a: Thtop taking the pith out of me!

q: Have I told you how much I don't like the cars that can go up vertical surfaces?
a: They drive me up the fucking wall.

q: What did the band kid say to the other band kid after she found out he was cheating on her?
a: "You double timing son of a bitch!"

q: What is Miley Cyrus's favorite color?
a: Twerquoise

q: Best short jokes?
a: I need a joke for a meeting we have tomorrow at work but I cant remember any good ones after following this tradition weekly for the last few months. It must be short with just an opening line and a punchline like this: The punchline doesnt have to be one word of course, but it cant be a long joke. Can anybody remember any good ones?

q: Why did Frosty the snowman pull down his pants?
a: He heard the snow-blower was coming.

q: Why do white girl groups only walk together in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even

q: How many Norwegians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 7

q: You know how you'll see something a million times, but can't find it when you need it?
a: That's why I stopped buying condoms.

q: Did you hear the joke about the Dutch speaking farmer?
a: Nevermind. It doesn't transplant well.

q: What's so good about being Swiss?
a: Well, the flag is a big plus.

q: Do you know where the Belgium waffle design comes from?
a: From the German tank tracks.

q: What did the college junior say just before her toe was cut off?
a: NO PLEASE DON'T CUT OFF MY TOE!

q: Why did the little boy flush a pencil down the toilet?
a: Because it was a Number 2.

q: How did the Mexican want his sex?
a: Oral, homes!

q: Why Are Demons So Fat?
a: Because they hate exorcising.

q: What did the pirate Louis Riel say to the villagers?
a: Yarrrrrrr Metis!

q: What do black guys do after sex?
a: 25 years - life 

q: What do you call a mexican on amphetamines?
a: Speedy Gonzales.

q: How is religion like a penis?
a: You can have a penis, and you can be proud of your penis, but don't shove your penis in my face.

q: Why is Thors bother so secretive?
a: Because he tries to keep things Loki...

q: What do you call an someone who's an itch that begins with a B?
a: Brash.

q: Where did Zooey Deschanel grow up?
a: In Albu-quirky.

q: Where do Na'vi go when they get hurt?
a: ICU

q: What did the bicycle repairman done?
a: George Bush and Al Gore walks into a bar, and the bartender asks "what's up?" Bush says "Well, tomorrow, I'm going to have the troops storm into iraq and kill 2000 Iraqis and one bicycle repairman. The bartender replies "Oh my god, what did the bicycle repairman done to deserve this?" Bush then turns to Gore and patted him on the back and says "See, i told you no one would care about those 2000 iraqis."

q: What does the Chinese government call an American with a PhD in physics, math and chemistry?
a: STUPID AMERICAN!

q: How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Trick question, anarchists can't change anything.

q: What kind of tea is hard to swallow?
a: Reality

q: What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry?
a: It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR

q: How can you tell retarded kids form the art students?
a: Retards don't wear Black.

q: What's the difference between up and down?
a: It all depends on how you look at it

q: what do you call the study of color?
a: cyance

q: racist joke, any better?
a: What are the similarities between fat chicks and bricks,  they both get Laid by mexicans

q: What do you call a flock of crows who are resisting the urge to sin?
a:  

q: Why did the kid drop his ice cream cone?
a: He got hit by a bus

q: What does a guitarist say when he gets to his gig?
a: "...Would you like fries with that?"

q: What do you call a partying Hansen's disease patient?
a: A social leper.

q: Why can't anarchists draw straight lines?
a: Because they don't have any rulers.

q: What's the difference between a magic show and a strip show?
a: A magic show is full of  

q: What kind of Bees make milk?
a: Boo-bees (say it out loud =D) NOTE: Not original. My uncle heard it on the radio, told it to me, and I shared it with you guys.

q: Why aren't hippies good pitchers?
a: Because they're always high and outside. 

q: What do truck drivers and porn stars have in common?
a: They both get paid by the load.

q: What kind of melons always have big weddings?
a: Cantaloupe.

q: Why do the Amazons like Sundays?
a: Because there's no mail. (Male)

q: You know whats hard?
a: Bricks.

q: Did you hear about the guy who swam the English Channel with no arms or legs?
a: They call him... 

q: What do you call the National Conference for Bridgebuilders?
a: RubiCon.

q: How can you tell the clan of a Scotsman?
a: Look under his kilt, if it's a quarter-pounder, he's a McDonald. 

q: Why wouldn't the man dance?
a: His pants had no ballroom.

q: How do soldiers tell if a woman is a genuine Red-Head?
a: If it's red on top, fire in the hole.

q: What does Tony Stark call his semen?
a: Pepper spray

q: Why is the Star Trek enterprise like toilet paper?
a: They both circle your anus searching for cling-ons

q: What's the difference between a black person and cancer?
a: Cancer got Jobs

q: What's a gay guy's favorite city in Africa?
a: (It helps to know that the capital of Mozambique is Maputo and "puto" is a homophobic slur meaning "gay male prostitute" in Mexican Spanish.) Jokes are a fun way to learn about the world!

q: Why can't Spongebob make the honor roll?
a: Because he's a C sponge!

q: What is the name of an annoying creature that is notorious for biting humans in the tropics?
a: Luiz Suarez.

q: What is a cat's favorite vacation spot?
a: Maui.

q: Why do christians avoid trigonometry ?
a: because there is alot of sin going on.

q: What do you call a woman leaving an abortion clinic?
a: Dead on the inside...

q: Do you know what is laziness?
a: Laziness is the art of taking rest before getting tired. lol

q: Why did the blonde climb the chain-link fence?
a: To see what was on the other side. 

q: How do you know if a homeless person has a girlfriend?
a: His clean fingers. 

q: What have working for the KGB and oral sex got in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and youre in deep shit.

q: What does Mexican binary code consist of?
a: Zeros and Juans.

q: What did the mute say to the priest?
a: Nothing

q: How do you get down from an Elephant?
a: You don't get down from an elephant, you get down from a duck!

q: What kinda meat does a priest eat on Friday?
a: nun

q: What do you call a bra stretched across a road?
a: A booby-trap

q: Why are cows so horny?
a: Cause they're always in the moo'd!

q: What did the french bloomers say to the sexy thong?
a: Well I've 'ad me ups n downs, but I've never been pushed to one side...  

q: Why didn't the camgirl show up for work?
a: She wasn't feeling herself that day.

q: What's the difference between ignorance and arrogance?
a: I don't know, and I don't care.

q: Why do melons insist on having big weddings?
a: Because they just cantaloupe.

q: What's the president's favorite vegetable?
a: Barack-oli

q: Why do guitar amps hum?
a: Because they don't know the words. 

q: Why do teenage girls seem to always hang out in odd numbered groups?
a: Two for me and one for you.

q: What's Obama's favorite game console?
a: "The Xbox One"

q: What is a Ninja's favorite beverage?
a: Karatea   From Fargo Ep. 2

q: One of my campers made this up today: What do you call a bear with no teeth?
a: A gummy bear!

q: What do you call someone with no body and a nose?
a: Nobody knows!

q: What did the American football coach say to the Germany coach after losing in the world cup?
a: "Did they seasonally adjust that score yet? Oh, and don't even get me started on the horrible weather on our side of the field!"

q: How much did Adidas spend in advertising at the World Cup this year?
a: At least a brazillion dollars...

q: What do you call a rapper who likes honey for breakfast?
a: Sugar Puff Daddy

q: Why did the tea-bag fall down the hill?
a: To steep.

q: What is the most common owl in England?
a: Tea-towl

q: What is a nomad?
a: Someone who is not crazy.  Nomad= No+mad.

q: What's the difference between your bonus, and your penis ?
a: Your wife will always blow your bonus!

q: Where do you get sent if you have a brainfreeze?
a: The iceeu

q: What did the Pope say to the hot atheist girl?
a: Shake that blasphemy

q: What's hard, white, and 10 inches?
a: Nothing.

q: What happened when the butcher backed into his meat grinder?
a: He got a little behind in his work.

q: Why should you always take at least two Baptists fishing?
a: Because if you take one, he'll drink all your beer

q: What do you buy a recently neutered cat?
a: Spay Roses.

q: Why should they have hosted the World Cup in a different country this year?
a: .... because a brazillian things could go wrong

q: What does the Pope Jean-Paul 2 and the little girl kidnapped by Boko Haram have in common?
a: The pope died a virgin

q: Why was Luis Surez expelled from the rap contest?
a: Because he was biting.

q: What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair black?
a: Artificial intelligence.

q: How do you make your penis bigger?
a: Eat chicken and watermelon then wash it down with grape drink.

q: What are the advantages to living in Switzerland?
a: Their flag is a big plus. 

q: Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America?
a: Because Freedom Rings. 

q: What has 3 heads, 2 legs, and 4 arms?
a: The finish line at the Boston Marathon.

q: What's red, 6in. long and my gf cries when I feed it to her?
a: Her Miscarriage.

q: What happens when you join two Koreans together?
a: Linkin Park.

q: Why did the orange fall out with the orange-peeler?
a: Because he was taking the pith. /gets coat. bai.

q: What's the difference between my grandma and a baby?
a: My grandma doesn't die when I fuck her.

q: How do you know that William Wallace is normally distributed?
a: 'Cause he has infinite degrees of FREEEEEDOM!!!

q: How can you tell that your waitress is having a bad day?
a: She has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.

q: What do you call a woman who wants lots of compensation?
a: Sue.

q: What's the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence?
a: I don't know, and I don't care one way or the other.

q: How do you use an african man to get people to meet your demands?
a: You black male.

q: What do you get when you cross a ring-tailed lemur with a U-Haul truck?
a: I'm not sure, but I know 

q: Whats an Italians favourite part of football?
a: Half time, they get to switch sides again 

q: Did you hear the one about the gay midget?
a: He went up on a guy.

q: How does every racist joke begin?
a: With a look over the shoulder.

q: Want to hear my impression of an extractor fan?
a: I used to like tractors, but I don't anymore.

q: What's the worst thing about Mexican and Black jokes?
a: Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.

q: Why did Jesus not play FIFA World Cup in 33 ?
a: Because he was suspended ! EDIT : Mistyped title : Why Jesus didn't play in FIFA World Cup in 33 ?

q: What do you call a black persons toe?
a: Ghetto

q: What did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog?
a: Hey! We really DO taste like chicken!

q: What do you call a poorly made massive dumpling?
a: A wanton one-ton wonton.

q: Does your dog bite?
a: The other day I was walking down the street and I saw a man with a dog on a leash. I approached and asked "does your dog bite?" He said no and I as I reached down to pet the dog it jumped up and bit my hand. I was little upset and said "Hey I though your dog didn't bite!" To which he replied "that's not my dog."

q: Why does pasta always have to pay so much for car insurance?
a: Because it can't drive a car without making it all denty.

q: Why are gay prostitutes so expensive in China?
a: Because there aren't any free erections.

q: Why did the Broadway star with a tiny butt get evicted?
a: Because he was a little behind on Rent!

q: What is a castrated male's favorite operating system?
a: Unix.

q: What do you call an article written about a dead astronaut?
a: An  -tuary!

q: Do you know there is a serial number printed on every condom?
a: I guess you haven't rolled it down far enough.

q: What did the busy port master say to the rowdy pirates who wanted to dock?
a: "I don't have time for your ship."

q: How did the depressed man get around town?
a: Moped

q: My favorite clean joke: What do you do when you stub your toe?
a: Call a toe truck.

q: wut equasion do u use when u wanna kno tha prbility that u & ur girl are gonna b 2gether 4ever?
a: bae's theorem

q: Why did the cat go to the doctors?
a: Because it wasn't feline well

q: Q. What do you call a black man flying a plane?
a: A. A pilot...you racist

q: What did the old Kentucky colonel say when he got his Viagra?
a: The south shall rise again!

q: What's a mathematicians worst nightmare?
a: An EULer spill

q: You know why the Germans lost WWII?
a: Because storm troopers always miss.

q: What did the boulder say to the other boulder?
a: I rock. You Rock. We Rock.  Disclaimer: This joke was made during a 6 hour road trip with the family. My only scenery was rocks. 

q: Why doesn't Ronald Reagan drink orange juice?
a: Because he's dead.

q: There was a question about Greece's economy in a German maths exam. What was it worth?
a: Two marks.

q: How many Latin Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A Brazilian.

q: What does a black man do after sex?
a: 15 years.

q: What do a three paragraph term paper and a 5'2" Mexican have in common?
a: They're both short essays.

q: What did the cannibal get when he was home late for dinner?
a: A cold shoulder

q: What do all 'Tickle Me Elmo' toys receive before leaving the factory?
a: Two test tickles. 

q: What's the main difference between light and hard?
a: I can go to sleep with a light on

q: What do you call a missing shape?
a: A polygone!

q: What's the difference between England and a cup of tea?
a: The teabag stays in the cup longer.

q: How do you tell an Italian has a flat tire?
a: Diego wop wop wop .

q: What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's sexual orientation?
a: Bicepsual.

q: What do you call a terrible performance of Han Solo: The Musical?
a: A rebel without applause. 

q: did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
a: he was up all night, wondering if there was a dog.

q: What do you call an integral that doesn't like derivatives?
a: An anti-derivative. 

q: What should you do when you see a blond with a pin in her mouth?
a: RUN! She's got a grenade in her mouth!

q: What's the difference between lobsters and crabs?
a: I don't   lobsters!

q: What's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm?
a: The Holocaust

q: Have you heard about Corduroy pillows?
a: They are putting lines in your face!

q: What's the difference between an oyster with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: Well, one you shuck between the fits and the other...

q: What did the father lightning bolt do to his son when he miabehaved?
a: He grounded him.

q: Why did the nigger walks into a bar?
a: Because the cell doors was still locked

q: What do you call a group of millionaires sitting around watching the NBA finals ?
a: The Lakers . (Laker fan here. Sorry prob would have been more appropriate last week during the finals. ) Edit: I heard this some where the other day. I can't take credit for the joke . 

q: What do you call an Englishman in the World Cup final?
a: The referee

q: Whats the hardest part about being a pedophile?
a: Trying to fit in.

q: How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse?
a: Hodor.

q: What's better than winning the Special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded. 

q: A gay deer eats what ?
a: HEY HEY!!!!

q: What about the two old ladies who brought a bottle of whiskey to the baseball game?
a: At the bottom of the fifth the bags were loaded.

q: What's the difference between England and a teabag?
a: The teabag stays in the cup longer.

q: How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy...?
a: How come when a woman is pregnant, people rub her tummy and say, "Congratulations" but no one rubs the guy's balls and says "Good job"?!

q: What did the buffalo say before sending his son off to college?
a: Bison.

q: How many Jews does it take to fix an oven?
a: Hitler stopped trying at 6 million.

q: What did the grad students call the new Asian post-doc?
a: The Yellow Fellow. 

q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
a: Everyone can roast beef

q: [OC] Did you hear about this new restaurant they're opening called The Glory Hole?
a: ...Yeah, it's a real hole in the wall.

q: What do you call a crossdressing nanny in Martha's Vineyard?
a: A Nantucket.

q: what did the priest say before he ate his salad?
a: lettuce pray

q: What's the difference between England and a tea bag?
a: ...A tea bag stays in the cup longer!

q: What do you call a black guy who just graduated from medical school?
a: Doctor, you racist son of a bitch.

q: What is it called when two tectonic plates have a romantic relationship?
a: Subduction!

q: What does spinach and anal sex have in common?
a: If they were forced on you as a child you probably don't like them as an adult.

q: Why isn't Helen Keller a good driver?
a: Because she's dead.

q: What instrument does the uterus play?
a: The fallopian tuba. 

q: What is it that separates humans from animals?
a: The Mediterranean Sea

q: who says homosexuality isnt a decision?
a: i turn women gay all the time.

q: Did you hear about Lance Armstrong having a threesome?
a: He was killing two birds with one stone

q: What is the speed limit of Sex?
a: 68, because at 69, you eat it.

q: Whats the difference between acne and a Priest?
a: Acne doesn't cum on a boys face until he is 13.

q: Why should you never play poker with African cats?
a: Because they're cheetahs.

q: What's good about Switzerland?
a: Not much, but the flag is a big plus.

q: What's the difference between a crackhead and a John?
a: A crackhead buys crack so he can put it into his pipe and burn it. A John pays so that he can put his pipe into a crack that might burn him.

q: How many performance artists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: I don't know, I left early.

q: How did the hillbilly find his sister in the woods?
a: Attractive.

q: What did the Urologist tell his newly accepted resident?
a: Urine.

q: Two kittens are sitting on a roof. Which one falls off first?
a: The one with the smallest 

q: What's the difference between UFOs and an honest politician?
a: It is possible that UFOs exist.

q: Why are 90 degree angles so cocky?
a: Because they are always right

q: Did you hear about the skydiving company that stopped providing their own parachutes?
a: Too much overhead.

q: Why Do Elephants Have Big Ears?
a: Because Noddy won't pay the ransom!

q: did you see Iran play in the world cup?
a: I heard they played like Shiate'

q: How is Harrison Ford like the Reddit admins?
a: Both should have said no to the latest update. 

q: How do you make a Swiss Roll?
a: Push him down a hill. BONUS: How do you make French Wine? Invade.

q: Where are your buccaneers?
a: They're on your buccan head!

q: Cloudy with a chance of meatballs?
a: Talk about a meatier shower!

q: Why did the atoms cross the road?
a: It was time to split. 

q: What do you call a nursing bear?
a: A titty bear.

q: What kind of underwear do old people wear?
a: ...Depends.

q: How are Roman Polanski and pimples similar?
a: Both cum on your face when you're 13. How are Roman Polanski and body hair similar?  Both cum on your ass when you're 13.

q: why don't vampires go to frat parties?
a: they're afraid of natural light

q: Why was Snape in the middle of the road?
a: So you would never know what side he was on.

q: Why is the love of a woman with 20 children magical?
a: Because it feels like a wizard's sleave.

q: Just made this one up... Q: What's a theater student's favorite drink?
a:  "Cabaret Sauvignon"  What's the director's favorite drink?  "Cabernet Show-must-go-on" ... maybe this is more appropriate for   

q: What do you call a senior citizen from Mexico?
a: A seor citizen.

q: What's a good example that oil is a bad lubricant?
a: Middle East

q: What's the great thing about 25 year olds?
a: There's 20 of them.

q: Why do tigers always beat cheetahs at hide-and-seek?
a: They've never been spotted.

q: What did the DJ say to the jazz musician?
a: Take me to the airport.

q: Why did that animal's wife get a divorce?
a: Because he was a cheetah.

q: Why shouldn't you get a Bachelors in Science?
a: Because it's BS. Yea that was bullshit. Fine I'll cut it out..

q: What's the difference between a woman coming out of church and a woman taking a bath?
a: The woman coming out of church as hope in her soul!

q: What does a piano, tuna, and a bucket of glue have in common?
a: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Don't ask me about the bucket of glue though... I've been stuck there for a while

q: why didn't the cannibal want to be late to dinner?
a: Because he didn't want to get the cold shoulder.

q: How do you know when you're in a true, tough lesbian bar?
a: Even the pool tables have no balls

q: Have you ever heard about the man who wrote the funniest joke in world?
a: I bet you haven't; he died laughing. 

q: What's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker?
a: A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.

q: What's black and hard?
a: Cast iron.

q: Have you ever heard of a torture device called a Chinese finger trap?
a: A shout out goes to   for the thread where this was originally posted: And also to   for the setup:

q: How should a doctor treat a patient with Mesothelioma?
a: Asbestos he can.

q: Why is Jesus bad at crossword puzzles?
a: He always gets stuck on 2 Across.

q: Where do people in Ghana go to watch football?
a: The Ghanarena

q: How do triangles communicate?
a: Sin language 

q: How do you measure how funny an electrical engineer is?
a: You use an o-silly-scope!

q: What should I buy for dinner?
a: I see frozen peas are cool this time of year. ..you might say that's a corny joke, but it's really not. It's a pea joke.

q: What celebrity is most likely to stab you?
a: James Blunt

q: Why did the porn-star get hit by a bus?
a: She never saw it coming!!!

q: Can a ninja throw a star?
a: Shuriken

q: What did Jay-Z call Beyonc before they were married?
a: Fiance

q: Why did the bread machine go to see a therapist?
a: It was too self-loafing.

q: Why can't the Chinese be Nazis?
a: Two Wongs don't make a Reich 

q: Did you ever blow bubbles when you were a kid?
a: Well I hear he's back in town. Source: The Amazing Jeffery 

q: Why do lesbians have cats?
a: They're into pussies.(; 

q: Hey did you hear the punchline about the scary cow?
a: It was Terror bull.

q: Why was the young strawberry upset?
a: Cause his mom was in a jam. :(

q: What is worse than a worm in a cherry?
a: Half of a worm in half of a cherry.

q: Whaat do you get when you cross a Swede and a Norwegian?
a: A socialist who wants to be king!

q: What's the difference between a nun, and a prostitute in a bathtub?
a: The nun has hope in her soul.

q: What term is used to describe a phenomenon where a European mans ejaculates prematurely?
a: Pole Position

q: What is Sherlock Holmes' favorite tree?
a: A-lemon-tree my dear Watson.

q: How to blind parachutist know they're close to the ground?
a: The feel the leash go slack! (heard this one while listening to some irish tunes)

q: What do you get if you take off the red dot on the Japanese flag?
a: The Miami Heat flag.

q: Did you know that calculus was never taught in southern schools before the 1960s?
a: They didn't believe in integration.

q: What's yellow and lives off dead beetles?
a: Yoko Ono

q: What's the difference between hazelnuts and deernuts?
a: Hazelnuts are normally around $1.50/lb, deernuts are always under a buck. 

q: What happens when Bosnian terrorists start attacking municipal government buildings?
a: It Herzegovina 

q: What did the salesman at footlocker say to the customer?
a: Shoes wisely

q: What is the proudest body part?
a: the veins 

q: What is something that is always heard but never seen?
a: A member of the Queen's guard doing a single squat.

q: How much power does a hearse have?
a: 1 corpsepower

q: What do you call a space pub filled with white chicks?
a: The Mos Eisley can't even.

q: How do you make a fireman cry?
a: Kill his family.

q: Why can hipsters listen to Michael Jackson again?
a: He's been underground for five years now.

q: What's Adolf Hitler's favorite letter?
a: Not z, that's for sure.

q: What do you get when you mix S&M with R&B?
a: The Marquis de 

q: Where does a divine beaver live?
a: A God Dam!

q: What's the difference between a freezer and a faget?
a: When you pull your meet out of a freezer it doesn't fart

q: Did you hear about the two radio antennas that got married?
a: Well they said the wedding was okay, but the reception was awesome!

q: What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car, outside of a planned parenthood center?
a: Having to go inside and ask for a coat-hanger.

q: Whats the difference between a boner and lamborghini?
a: Right now, I don't have a Lamborghini ;)

q: Why didn't the tree get any presents for Christmas?
a: He was knotty. 

q: I made up a joke: What did the physicist say to the Jedi?
a: The mass * acceleration is strong with you.

q: What do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care?
a: An eggsy-stench-alist.

q: How do Frenchmen share files?
a: Pierre to Pierre.

q: What is a menstruating woman's favorite genre of movies?
a: Period films

q: What do you get when you boil tree trunks with sugar?
a: Log jam.

q: What is the world coming too?
a: Porn.

q: Did you hear George R R Martin committed suicide?
a: Yeah. I saw it coming too.

q: what do you get when you give chimp bluetooth?
a: Chimp handsfree

q: Why did Waldo wear a striped shirt?
a: He didn't want to be spotted.

q: Knock Knock* Who's there?
a: Me open up.

q: What happens when you piss off a pepper?
a: They get jalapeo business. 

q: How do you get Squirtle, Charmander and Pikachu onto a bus?
a: You pokemon.

q: How do Germans tie their shoes?
a: In little nazis

q: What town in the continental United States produces the most alligator pears per year?
a: Avo, CA does.

q: What do you call an orgy with five black people?
a: A threeway

q: What did Patrick Stewart say when he proposed to his wife?
a: Engage.

q: What's Sean Connery's favorite sport and when does he play it?
a: Tennish

q: What came first the chicken or the egg?
a: The chicken, eggs don't cum.

q: What's the worse quality of a hermit crab?
a: They're too shell-fish!

q: What type of fruit is not allowed to get married?
a: Cantaloupe...

q: When does Sean Connery like to show up at Wimbeldon?
a: Tennish.

q: What was the yacht doing while it played heavy metal music?
a: Dokken

q: What was the name of Russia's first female traffic cop?
a: Ivana Pulyova

q: What does Batman do for Father's Day?
a: Nothing

q: What's the difference between a Triscuit and a Lesbian??
a: One is a Snack Cracker and the other is a Crack Snacker!!

q: What did the lesbian vampire say to the other?
a: See ya next month.

q: What do they call Bro Chads in the U.K.?
a: ......Bloke chaps. Play me off Johnny!

q: Have you guys heard the joke about the broken pencil?
a: Never mind, there's no point. 

q: What do Tiger Woods and baby seals have in common?
a: They both get clubbed by Norwegians...

q: Why did the Raisin take a Prune to the Prom?
a: Because he couldn't find a Date!

q: Why couldn't the drummer make it to the show?
a: He locked the bass player in the car.

q: Why do they call the hardest group, "The Group of Death"?
a: Four rosters of boners & you'd want to die too.

q: Why did the lone dolphin stop swimming?
a: He didn't see a porpoise...

q: What do ducks smoke?
a: Qwack

q: Why should you never trust atoms?
a: They make up everything.

q: Why did Demi Moore replace Sarah Jessica Parker in Wild Oats?
a: Because SJP kept eating the script.  Come on, someone has to have something better than me for this. 

q: How many Polaks does it take to come up with heliocentric theory?
a: One.

q: Why couldn't Batman go to the movie?
a: Because it was rated "PG"

q: What did the boy with no arms & legs get at the World Cup?
a: Cancer. (   )

q: What is green and flies above Poland?
a: Peter Pansky

q: How do you get your girlfriend to stop smoking??
a: Slow down and grab some lube!!

q: What do you call a wireless network that goes down?
a: A wireless notwork

q: What do Americans call the summer holidays?
a: Ceasefire 

q: Did you hear about the dog who had sleep apnea?
a: He had to get a C-PUP machine.

q: How do you know if someone is half texan and half Canadian?
a: It rhymes when they say. "Keep at eye out for a coyote."

q: What do vegan zombies say?
a: GRAAAAAAINS!

q: Why don't they teach sex ed and drivers ed at the same time in Mexico?
a: Because it's too hard on the donkey.

q: Why does Yoda like sheep?
a: Because dey go baa...

q: Why does the U.S. Navy use powdered soap?
a: It takes longer to pick up.

q: Who's Becky, Stan?
a: She's just a country!

q: Why don't Americans get knock knock jokes?
a: FREEDOM RINGS

q: Why wouldn't Samus go below Brinstar?
a: Because she was a-Kraid to. Now I think about it, this joke is a bit more "Riddle-y," than say an actual joke.

q: What's harder the softer it gets?
a: Typing withw my peniuasd 9damnit!)

q: What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas?
a: COOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

q: Why do white girls only go out in odd numbered groups?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: Why did the fish fall off it's bike?
a: It's a fish.

q: How does a Jew make a cup of tea?
a: Hebrews it

q: Does anyone know where Engagement, Ohio is?
a: About halfway between Dayton and Marion

q: What country does fried fish swim in?
a: Greece! (courtesy of my ten year old)

q: Why are people leaving the Ukraine?
a: I don't know but they sure are Russian.

q: How is being a pimp like being a farmer?
a: You get some hoes and they get dough for you.

q: Where do rabbits learn to fly?
a: The Hare Force

q: Hey have you ever tried puppy love?
a: Yeah but it doesn't work there assholes are too small.

q: What is Pinocchio's favourite kind of sex?
a: No strings attached.

q: Why do Lannisters hate turtles?
a: Cause they can't stab them in the back

q: What is a nation inhabitated and reigned by stoners called?
a: A hallucination.

q: Did you know that New York has two capitals?
a: N and Y. 

q: Why can't you find any painkillers in the jungle?
a: Because the Paracetomol

q: Did you hear about the Mexican train robber?
a: He really had loco-motives.

q: What would bears be without bees?
a: Ears!

q: What do you call a kid with no friends!?
a: A Sandy Hook survivor!!

q: How do the people of northern Iraq manage to get so much done?
a: The Kurds have their ways

q: How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One to unscrew it, and one to hold the     ladder. 

q: What does the nosy pepper do?
a: Gets jalapeo business.

q: What do you call a one-legged Asian woman?
a: Irene.

q: What do you call a cassette single of The Proclaimers' hit "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)"?
a: Scotch tape.

q: You know what's stupider than a cow?
a: Two cows.

q: What is the best thing about having sex with twenty-five year olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: What monsters are all the tools in the toolbox afraid of?
a: Vampliers

q: how do you catch a unique cat?
a: unique up on it. (im sorry)

q: Did you hear about that Hollywood actress who got stabbed?
a: Um what's her name? Blonde girl, Reece someone .... "Witherspoon?" No, no. It was with a knife. 

q: What did the fish say when he ran into a cement wall?
a: Dam. What did the dam say to the fish? Dumb bass.

q: Have you heard the one about the angry mob?
a: It's a riot.

q: Why do hens sit on eggs?
a: because they're too poor to afford chairs.

q: What drink did the vampire order at the bar?
a: A blood-light

q: What do you call Dracula when he goes swimming?
a: Aqua-Vlad

q: Why did the students need a ladder to get into school?
a: It was a high school.

q: What did the kid who could see dead eskimos say?
a: Icy dead people!

q: What do jokes and penises have in common?
a: The short ones are never good.

q: What did the mother say to the child who refused to eat his fossil for dinner?
a: Trilobite, you'll love it!

q: What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common?
a: Finnish Hymn!

q: How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Depends on how many cops planted it there

q: What do you call a farmer who's excellent at what he does?
a: Outstanding in his field

q: Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson computer?
a: It has two bytes and no memory

q: Why did the old man hate living next to the tennis courts?
a: He couldn't stand all the racket!

q: Have you heard the latest Unitarian Universalist miracle?
a: Someone saw the face of Ralph Waldo Emerson on a tortilla.

q: Why did the skeleton not go to prom?
a: He had no   to go with!!! As told by a Professor, in a serious Aerospace class, reading off of Laffy Taffy.

q: How many Kings of Spain abdicated last week?
a: Just Juan

q: Why do black people put their garbage in clear trash bags?
a: So the Mexicans can window shop.

q: What do old people smell like?
a: Depends

q: What's the worst part about getting a lung transplant?
a: The first couple of times you cough, the loogeys aren't yours!

q: What is the difference between a fly and a mosquito?
a: A mosquito can "fly", but a fly can not "mosquito".

q: What is the difference between a blonde in a church and a blonde in the bath tub?
a: One has hope in her soul...

q: What is long and hard that a Australian bride gets in her wedding night?
a: Dick

q: Why did Moses vote for Al Gore?
a: Because the last time he took political orders from a Bush, his country went mucking around in the Middle East for forty years.

q: Why did hitler killed himself?
a: He got the bill for gas

q: What do you call a two-headed lesbian dinosaur?
a: Eat-a-lotta-puss

q: Why are so many Mathematicians vegetarians?
a: Cos Lettuce

q: Why Can't you see the bacteria in milk?
a: Because it gets past-your-eyes (pasteurized)

q: Did you hear the one about premature ejaculation?
a: Too soon, man. 

q: Want to hear a bird joke?
a: Oops i forgot it. .

q: What type of meat are your calves made of?
a: Bologna.

q: Why is a bear brown?
a: Because he crawls in his hole during winter.

q: What is long and hard that a Polish bride gets on her wedding night?
a: A new last name.

q: What is the definition of a farmer?
a: Someone who is outstanding in his field.  Credit: Laffy Taffy

q: What's the most depressed thing in the bathroom?
a: The toilet. It always takes all the shit.

q: How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw. 

q: What do you call a Jewish incendiary device?
a: A mazal tov cocktail

q: What do you call it when a Cat wins a Dogshow?
a: Cat-has-trophy. Such punny. Much Cringe. 

q: Ever wondered what your nose is for?
a: It stops you eyes from sticking together.

q: Why does Tumblr hate symmetrical shapes?
a: Because they can't even

q: What do you do with dead atoms?
a: Barium

q: What's the Middle East's favorite candy?
a: YemenHeads

q: What did Iocaste say to Oedipus when he dropped his plate?
a: "You dumb motherfucker!"

q: What did one architect say to the other?
a: "I see the floor in your plan."

q: What is the difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist?
a: You can negotiate with terrorists

q: What did the old chimney say to the younger chimney?
a: You're too young to smoke!

q: (GoT Joke) Why did the King's Justice join Run DMC?
a: Cuz he be Ilyn. 

q: Where is the first tennis match mentioned in the Bible?
a: When Joseph served in Pharaoh's court

q: You have a donkey and I have a rooster. Your donkey eats my roosters legs. What do you have?
a: Two feet of my cock in your ass.

q: Go to racist joke, what's yours?
a: Two unemployed Irishmen walk past a police notice board with "two black men wanted for rape" first one says "fucking niggers get all the best jobs"

q: What does the leper say to the prostitute?
a: Keep the tip!

q: Why did Simba have trouble returning to Pride Rock?
a: He ran into trafiki.

q: What do you call two banana peels?
a: A pair of slippers! :D

q: What does rock music and my grandpa have in common?
a: The Strokes

q: What's the difference between boogers and rice pudding?
a: Nobody eats rice pudding.

q: Why did Tigger get stuck in the toilet?
a: He was looking for pooh.

q: How do little german children tie their shoes?
a: In little nazis!

q: 1.What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage?
a: WATAAAH! 2.What is Bruce Lee's favorite hamburger?  WHOPPAH! 3.Which hotel does Bruce Lee stay overnight?  HYAAAAATT!

q: Why do computer programmers spend so much time in the shower?
a: The directions clearly state: "Rinse, lather, repeat"

q: [OC]What do you call a shrunken walrus?
a: A smallrus.

q: What's the difference between a toilet seat and dinner?
a: Dad doesn't piss all over his dinner. :D

q: Did you hear about the man who proposed to his long-distance girlfriend?
a: It was a ranged marriage.

q: Why do Marxists drink herbal tea?
a: Because all proper tea is theft.

q: What's it like having sex with a wave?
a: Fucking hertz.

q: Did you hear about the penis-less man that got excited?
a: He just came out of nowhere 

q: Why did Ernest Hemingway kill himself?
a: He was paid per word.

q: Where's Eritrea?
a: Up Djibouti!

q: Why did a pile of gravel go to jail?
a: aggregated basalt

q: What do you call tree sap that won't stop running?
a: Forest gunk.

q: What's it called when two strains of a disease are identical?
a: plague-arism

q: How did the media know JFK was cheating on his wife?
a: They saw him getting blown in the back seat.

q: What do you call a stomach ache you get from eating a Cuban sandwich?
a: Castro-intestinal distress.

q: Why is the universe expanding?
a: It needs more space.

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a grape?
a: Elephant grape sine theta.

q: What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a mountain climber?
a: Nothing, you can't cross a vector and a scalar.

q: What's the difference between David Blaine and the NRA?
a: The former has a cunning array of stunts

q: Why did the burger sit beside the telephone?
a: Incase onion rings

q: Have you heard about the gay Chinese prostitute?
a: He only does brojobs.

q: Did you hear about the Kool-Aid Man?
a: He said, Hey, everybody! I AM JESUS CHRIST! and then jumped into a pool believing he could walk on water. He sank right down to the bottom. He was totally diluted.

q: What's Hellen Keller's favorite color?
a: corduroy

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he got asked to play in a film about classic composers?
a: I'll be Bach.

q: What's the difference between a cock and a sausage roll?
a: "I don't know"   Wanna go for a picnic?

q: What else do you need when you use your Batman shampoo?
a: Conditioner Gordon.

q: What did the pulse say to the legume as he left?
a: Lentil next time.

q: What mental illness does Hank Hill have?
a: Propanic Depression

q: What do you get when you combine a penis and a potato?
a: A dictator.

q: What do you call a classical composer's butthole after a night of bad Mexican food?
a: Taco Bell's Cannon

q: Is the penis a muscle or a bone?
a: A bone cause all the bitches run after it

q: What made Tesla successful ?
a: Its musk

q: How did robbers gain entry to steal from Miley Cyrus?
a: They came in like a wrecking ball.

q:  Dad, what does indifference and incompetence mean?
a:  Actually, I don't know, son. And I don't give a shit.

q: What do you call Nashville's Junior Hockey League?
a: The Child Predators. 

q: Where are chocolate coins made?
a: At the Chocolate Mint.

q: What does a flaky boyfriend and constipation have in common?
a: They're both assholes who can't commit.

q: You know what they say about living on Navy ships?
a: It has its ups and downs.

q: (OC) Wanna know my secret to not catching STD's?
a: I have kleenexes.

q: Why did Holden Caulfield hate his job at Sprint?
a: He was surrounded by phone-ys!

q: The most offensive jokes thread?
a: I'll start What is the difference between chopping up a baby and an onion? - chopping up an onion makes you cry.

q: How do you catch a Polar bear?
a: Cut a hole in the ice, place peas around the hole and when the Polar bear comes up to take a pea, you kick it in the icehole. :)

q: How does the butcher introduce his wife?
a: Meat Patty.

q: What's Putin's new favorite song?
a: Crimea River

q: Why are the Irish so rich?
a: Their capital is always Dublin. Hehe

q: Did you hear that they are building massive oscillating blades in New York?
a: I wasn't a big fan of the idea

q: What is a crossbreed between an elephant and a rhinoceros called?
a: I don't know, but it isn't  !

q: What are some good deli related jokes?
a: I need some good jokes about deli and or the meats and cheeses sold in them. 

q: want to hear a dirty joke?
a: A boy fell in the mud. Want to hear a clean joke? The boy took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles is the girl next door,

q: Where is the only place engineers are considered artistic?
a: Brooklyn 

q: What do you call it when a gangster accidentally kills a fellow gang member?
a: Homiecide

q: How many Dragon Ball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one. But it takes 20 episodes

q: What did the celebrity say to the tabloid?
a: "You discussed me!"

q: Why do Scots fuck sheep at the edge of a cliff?
a: Because they push back harder. 

q: Why dont Demons fear oxidation?
a: Because there's no rust for the wicked

q: How many feminists do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. Lightbulbs promote rape culture.

q: What's the most Jewish instrument?
a: The Sachs

q: What's Snoop Dogg's favorite time of day?
a: Tree O'clock!

q: What does a chicken call its backpack?
a: A BokBok...

q: What is the difference between a brothel and a circus?
a: One is an array of cunning stunts!

q: Why do soccer announcers make terrible business executives?
a: They constantly discuss productivity GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALs.

q: How many lawyers does it take to shingle a roof?
a: Depends on how thick you slice 'em. 

q: Why do white girls walk in groups of odd numbers?
a: Because they literally can't even.

q: How can you tell if your buddy is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: Why did the boy like doing trigonometry?
a: Just cos.

q: Where does the president keep his armies?
a: in his sleevies!!!

q: Why do hockey players always make terrible birthday cakes?
a: Because icing is not allowed.

q: Why did the Libertarian cross the road?
a: NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS! AM I BEING DETAINED?

q: What did one ocean say to the other one?
a: Nothing. They just waved...

q: Why did Skrillex lose his job at Long John Silvers?
a: He was always dropping the bass. 

q: Where did the hamburger go to dance?
a: The Meatball

q: What did Pythagoras say about the pyramid scheme?
a: He just couldn't find the guys angle!

q: Why is there cotton on top of the pills inside a pill bottle?
a: To remind black people they picked cotton before they sold drugs.

q: How many literalists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One.

q: Why are Jedis allowed to use negative numbers?
a: Because only Siths deal in absolutes.

q: What do you call a middle eastern sorceress?
a: A sandwitch

q: Whats the difference between Game of Thrones and Twitter?
a: Twitter only allows 160 characters

q: what the cell say to its sister cell when she stepped on his toe?
a: Mitosis

q: What do German women's lingerie and Africa have in common?
a: Ze-bras!

q: What do you call a broken can-opener?
a: A can't opener. 

q: What do you call a pirate that pees on other people?
a: Rrrrrrrrrrrr Kelly 

q: Who decides which weeds to kill in the garden?
a: Weedicide.

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the bathroom?
a: The "p" is silent.

q: How do you get a 300 pound woman into bed?
a: piece of cake

q: Why do men like blowjobs?
a: It's the only thing that they get something  straight inside a woman's head.

q: What time is it when twenty dogs and one cat get together?
a: 20 after 1.

q: Is that dog poo?
a: A guy is walking down the street and sees a brown lump ahead. "Is that dog poo?" He thinks to himself. He approaches it to examine if it is dog poo. "Well it looks like dog poo." He bends down and sniffs it. "Smells like dog poo." He grazes the substance with his finger. "Feels like dog poo." His finger scoops up a part of the poo, and he licks it. "Tastes like dog poo.... Yep, this is dog poo alright." "Well, good thing I didn't step in it."

q: What do you say if you're testing a new firearm?
a: "I'll take a shot"

q: Have you ever seen an elephant hiding in a tree?
a: Good hiders, aren't they?

q: How do you get an elephant across the freeway?
a: Take the "F" out of "free" and the "F" out "way". ... (there's no effin' way)

q: Why are cars in Russia so slow?
a: Because they are always stalin.

q: What's the hardest part of breaking up with a leper ?
a: They always leave a piece of themselves behind.

q: Why did the blond snort NutraSweet?
a: She thought it was diet coke.

q: How does moses make his tea?
a: Hebrews it

q: What sound does a Hispanic pacman make?
a: Guac-a Guac-a!

q: Why do beaches not get sarcasm?
a: Because they always take things littorally

q: What does prison have in common with biology?
a: Cell culture.

q: What do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle?
a: Wipe it off and apologise.

q: Did you hear about the German doing an impression at the talent show?
a: He did the wurst. 

q: What's a pirate's favorite rapper?
a: Kendrick Lamarrghhhh

q: Whats green and goes through walls?
a: A frog if you throw it hard enough...

q: What do you call a stingy douchebag who likes plants?
a: A prick

q: What did Mary say the first time she changed Jesus' diaper?
a: Holy shit.

q: Why does carpet never make a sound?
a: It's the world's quietest pervert. 

q: What do you call a lazy fan of the old Price is Right?
a: a Barker Lounger !

q: What did the curtain rod say to the blinds?
a: Nice shades. (sorry)

q: What is a jewish golfer's favorite vegetable?
a: A parsnip.

q: What does a physics cow say?
a: 

q: What are goosebumps used for?
a: To keep geese from speeding!

q: What is Gordon Ramsay's least favourite subreddit?
a: IT'S R/AWW!!

q: Why did Steve Jobs decline chemotherapy?
a: Because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.

q: What's a Yankee?
a: It's a quickie....but you do it yourself

q: What do you call an overpriced circumcision?
a: A rip off.

q: What's brown ans sticky???
a: a stick :) haha (yes i know its super lame)

q: How does Mulan's boyfriend explain himself when she caught him smoking pot?
a: Shanghai

q: What's the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector?
a: A taxidermist takes only your skin. [Mark Twain]

q: Why was the orphan so successful?
a: When he was told to "go big or go home," he only had one option.  (I've posted this joke here before, but I believe I've been the first, so if you recognize it as a repost it's because I wanted to tell it again!)

q: Why would Rip Van Winkle make a good janitor?
a: Because he swept for 20 years.

q: what is big data ?
a: College professor asks students , "  There is so much so going on about big data right now so What is big data ?" John responds , " Sir, its like teenage sex.  Nobody quite understand it, everybody says know how to do it and claims to have done it and tell stories about how amazing was it everyday"

q: Whats the hardest part eating a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair

q: What is the difference between a terrorist hideout and a school?
a: How should I know? I just fly the drones.

q: What is will?
a: A little bitch

q: What's the difference between a tire and 365 condoms?
a: One's a Goodyear, and the other's a great year. x/post from 

q: Why do Avon Ladies walk funny?
a: Their lipstick.

q: What did the Mother say to her son when she saw him eating cookies for breakfast?
a: Your Dad and I are getting a divorce. 

q: How many friend-zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. They just sit around and compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw.

q: What do making love in a canoe and Budweiser have in common?
a: Both are fucking close to water.

q: What company spent over $6.2 billion in buying Viagra?
a: Microsoft 

q: What is the difference between an American rabbit and a French rabbit?
a: The American rabbit goes hippity hop and the French rabbit goes lickety split!

q: what are some funny jokes you know?
a: Give me some good jokes I can laugh at that are casual enough to be put into a conversation or just tell me some jokes I can laugh at. One liners are preferred but story jokes can be fun as well

q: What do Micheal Jackson and caviar have in common?
a: They both come on little crackers!

q: Did you hear about the blind man walking past the fishmonger's?
a: "Hello ladies"

q: What did the donuts do on their date?
a: They glazed into each other's eyes

q: Why couldn't the whistle blower make it home for the holidays?
a: he was snowden

q: What part of the body never wins?
a: Dafeat

q: A Sexist Joke: Why are women bad at parking?
a: Because they've been lied to all their lives about how long "8" inches   is.

q: What did Australian Jesus say after the Last Supper?
a: Check, mate.

q: What did the Mexican firefighter call his son??
a: Jose 

q: What kind of boxes do gay boxes like?
a: Male Boxes. 

q: Did you hear about the new restaraunt on the moon?
a: It's got great food, just no atmosphere..

q: What did the Mexican say after two houses fell on him?
a: GET OFF ME HOMES!

q: How would the Mexican Star-Spangled Banner begin?
a: Jose can you see

q: Why don't people from Yorkshire use deodorant?
a: Because they have no pits.

q: What is half the diameter of a radish?
a: ...the radiush.

q: How is a Ska band the opposite of a rhinocerus?
a: Horns in the back Asshole up front.

q: What is it called when buckets of paint conspire with each other?
a: A colour scheme.

q: You know what doesn't suck?
a: A hooker that just won the lottery

q: Did you hear about the guy who took some dude's ear off with a vacuum cleaner?
a: His name was Mike Dyson.

q: Why do medicine boxes always have a little bit of cotton in them?
a: To remeber the black man of what he did before he dealt drugs.

q: Why do Hippies love Didgeridoo?
a: It is as close as they can get to making love to a tree.

q: Why are ska bands so clean?
a: They always pick it up pick it up pick it up.

q: What's a magician's favorite Mexican dish?
a: TosTADA!

q: How many nice guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, they'll compliment it, but then get pissed off when it doesn't screw.

q: What did terrorists used to call Fidel Castro?
a: Infidel Castro

q: Why did Mrs. Piggy's relationship fail?
a: She couldn't stand making Kermitments

q: How do you describe the facial features of a man who shaves with sculpting tools?
a: Chiseled.

q: What do you call it when a valley girl gives blow jobs for Louis Vuitton's?
a: Head over heels

q: Who did Fat Albert accuse of leaving a burning cross on his lawn?
a: "The Kaaay Kaaay Kaaaaay!"

q: Where to stand as a teacher?
a: As a teacher, its very hard to know where to stand in class. At the front where you cant see the students but can write on the board, or at the back where you can see the students and not write on the board. Its not an easy decision to make, not by a long chalk

q: What do you call a trailer park in a tornado?
a: Wind chimes.

q: What's the difference between Mike Jones and Michael Jordan?
a: Mike Jones is Still Tippin'.

q: Why doesn't Magneto wear his old costume anymore?
a: Because days of fuchsia passed

q: What is someone doing when they are disposing of diseased radishes?
a: Dropping some ill beets.

q: What's the difference between jam and peanut butter?
a: I can't peanut butter my dick down your mom's throat. 

q: What did the Kiwi say to the Jew?
a: Hee broo

q: How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food?
a: By giving her a Brazilian wax first!

q: How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None.  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.  

q: Can I use cash to pay for a new electric car?
a: No, you have to charge it.

q: Is it okay to hate a certain race?
a: I can run a 5k pretty well but these 10ks are killing me.

q: What is the difference between 2 dicks, and a joke?
a: Your mom can't take a joke.

q: What did the diva with Alzheimer's disease say?
a:  (credit to one of the writers from Bob's Burgers).

q: Waiter: How did you find your steak sir?
a: Customer: Oh I just moved the potatoes and there it was!

q: Have you heard the one about the roof?
a: never mind, just forget about it, it's probably over your head.

q: What does a vegetable use to change a flat?
a: Asparagus...

q: Why are Jews so good at making action movies?
a: Shlo-mo.

q: What do you call an incestuous nephew?
a: An aunt-eater.

q: Why doesn't George RR Martin use twitter?
a: Because he killed all 144 characters -stolen from 

q: What do Justin Timberlake and Theon Greyjoy have in common?
a: A dick in a box

q: Why was the meeting for impotent men cancelled?
a: They knew no one would come.

q: Why did the tomcat get sent to prison?
a: For looking at kitty porn.

q: Did you hear that they exhumed the body of John Lennon?
a: All they found was a dead beetle...

q: Why do you have to take more than one Baptist with you when you go fishing?
a: Because if you just take one, he'll drink all your beer.

q: What does Tom Cruise have in common with gay porn stars?
a: All their best work is behind them

q: Why was the ground all white after Custer's last stand?
a: Because the Indians just kept coming, and coming...

q: Why do Russians have so many bear fighting stories?
a: Because their liquor is strong and their women are hairy.

q: What do you call a baby deer's droppings?
a: FawnDoo! Nailed it.

q: What is the radio operator's favourite romantic story?
a: R and J

q: How do cats park their cars?
a: They  allel park

q: How do u castrate a priest ?
a: Kick the alter boy in the chin ;)

q: What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter?
a: 8008132

q: Why do hippies wear pachouli??
a: So blind people can hate them to

q: How many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One to drop it and six to pick it up pick it up pick it up

q: What do the Welsh call a sheep when it's tied to a lamp post?
a: The leisure centre. 

q: What's the difference between a Taliban outpost and a Pakistani Elementary school?
a: I don't know, I just fly the drone.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal?
a: He dumped his girlfriend...  

q: What's Masta P's favorite fruit?
a: Ba-na-na-na! 

q: Why do sorority girls travel in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even...

q: What has 100 teeth and keeps Godzilla at bay?
a: My zipper

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping at the school?
a: It's fine, he woke up.

q: What do you call a Chinese lady with one leg?
a: Irene.

q: Why did the pig walk into the kitchen?
a: Because he felt like bacon. :P

q: How did the hillbilly find the sheep in the tall grass?
a: Satisfying 

q: What does a sandwich filling share in common with Joffrey Lannister?
a: They are both in bread.

q: What is the only part of a vegetable you cannot eat?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What's a priest's favorite X-men?
a: A-Men.

q: Did you hear about the corduroy pillows?
a: They're making headlines!

q: Want to know how copper wire was invented?
a: Two jews fighting over a penny. 

q: Did you hear about the new emo pizza?
a: You just make fun of it, and it cuts itself!

q: How many Tourette's suffers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Ass fucking cunt bitch just one cocksucker whore

q: What's a pirate's favourite letter?
a: A P. Because it's like an ARR, but it's missing a leg.

q: What is a ducks favorite snack?
a: Quackers.

q: What do buccaneers let off on bonfire night?
a: Piratechnics!

q: What language does a Jewish homo speak?
a: Heblew.

q: Did you hear about the one asian guy who failed calculus?
a: He was the odd Nguyen out.

q: How many men does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Not all men.

q: Knock knock. Who's there? 9/11. 9/11 who?
a: I thought you said you'd never forget.

q: What do you call a burning white guy?
a: A firecracker

q: Have you ever heard of the ckicken plant?
a: I guess the eggplant came first! I work at a grocery store and a guy in the produce department told me this. He thought it was hilarious

q: What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The farmer shucks between fits.

q: What do a burnt pizza and a baby have in common?
a: Some idiot pulled it out to late

q: Why is it tough to make it as a pornstar?
a: Because the competition is stiff. 

q: What do you call a well-rounded porn star?
a: A jack-off all trades.

q: Did you hear about Evel Knievel's cousin Klu Klux Knievel?
a: Tried to jump 47 niggers with a steamroller.

q: What is it called when a Jewish woman ovulates?
a: An Eggsodus.

q: What do a mystic and a hot dog vendor have in common?
a: They'll both make you one with everything. 

q: Did you hear about the plane full of anorexics that crashed?
a: There were no FAT-alities, but everyone felt really, really dead.

q: What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom?
a: A pick pocket snatches watches. 

q: what is a gays least favorite fruit?
a: cantaloupe

q: What do your mom and monkeys have in common?
a: Macaque

q: What country is the most fragile?
a: China!

q: I psych student posted this joke on Facebook and I don't get it, can someone explain?
a: Two psychotherapists pass each other in the hallway. The first says to the second, "Hello!" The second smiles back nervously and half nods his head. When he is comfortably out of earshot, he mumbles, "God, I wonder what   was all about?"

q: What do you call a red headed baker?
a: A ginger bread man

q: Why did the turkey get kicked out of the football stadium?
a: He tripped a fan

q: What do Harry Potter and Kermit the Frog's penis have in common?
a: Hogwarts.

q: Did you hear about the pornstar in court that was tried by a group of his peers?
a: They had a hung jury.

q: Why do cows wear bells around there neck?
a: Because there horns don't work. :)

q: What do you call a burning rocket?
a: Korean Barbecue.

q: Why did the redneck Father walk his kid to school?
a: They were in the same grade!!

q: How do you spell it?
a: "Hey dude, what's your moms name?" "Sarah" "How do you spell it?" "S-a-r-a-h" "No, haha you spelt it wrong!" "Bitch, I'm pretty sure I know how to spell it" "No you don't" "Fine, how do you spell it?" "I-t"

q: Did you hear about that new movie about Hitler?
a: It's called 2fast2furherious.

q: How manny women dose it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one she hokds the blub and the world revolves around her.

q: What's the difference between a fox and a pig?
a: About six drinks

q: Did you hear about the kindergartener with a bad knee?
a: He needed a kid knee transplant.

q: How many tutors does it take to make a wild dog literate?
a: It takes two to make a dingo write.

q: What do you call a duck that likes to steal?
a: A Robber Ducky!  

q: What did the cat say when I shut him in the refridgerator?
a: I don't know, I couldn't hear him through the door.

q: Why does Anders Brevik oppose gassing the Muslims?
a: Because he knows it's a waste of time, it's impossible to get a Muslim to take a shower

q: Why are native South African Tribesman immune to lightning?
a: 'cause you can't Shaka Zulu.

q: Is Monica Lewinsky good at the piano?
a: I don't know about the piano, but she sucks at the organ.

q: Did you hear the one about the Viking who was reincarnated?
a: He was Bjorn again. 

q: Whats the difference between a hooker and a lawyer?
a: The hooker stops fucking you when your dead.

q: What do you call a German think tank?
a: An answer panzer!

q: What's a Jackhammer's Best Friend?
a: Cast Steel! Bahahahahah! You know! Cause it has a poor dampening value it vibrates so much! They um. They both vibrate. Well ok. One vibrates, the other reciprocates. That's kinda... Hehe. Heh.  Reciprocate my humor damn it!

q: What do you call a turlte that flies?
a: a shellocopter.  damn homies 

q: What's the worst part about being a redneck?
a: Having to see your ex at family gatherings.

q: What kind of bird does 2 Chainz own?
a: Toucan

q: What's does the self reliant alcoholic Rabbi Pedophile do in his spare time?
a: Very little, he brews. 

q: What's the difference between having a son and having a daughter?
a: If you have a son, there's only one penis you have to worry about. 

q: What do you call a greedy marsupial?
a: A kangajew

q: Why was Stalin literally worse than Hitler?
a: Because Hitler at least wrote his own books

q: Have you heard there's a new disease you can get from using Linux?
a: It's Terminal. (OC joke.)

q: How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two, one to change the bulb and another to hold the penis. ladder! I meant ladder.

q: What did the cucumber say to the salad?
a: Nothing.  (It's a cucumber.  (They don't talk.))

q: Why did sally fall of the swing?
a: she had no arms

q: Why did the sun wear sunglasses?
a: To protect himself from UV Rays

q: Did you hear about the Shaman?
a: He chose to walk the world barefoot which caused he feet to blister a thousand times over. He ate only bugs and berries that he found in nature which caused him to became very frail. This diet also caused him to be plagued with horribly bad breath. He was known as the Super Calloused Fragile Mystic Hexed by Halitosis.

q: What is worse than a worm in your apple?
a: The Holocaust

q: How does a stripper find jobs?
a: She does netwerking!

q: What did the NSA agent say when the blizzard hit?
a: What did the NSA agent say when the blizzard hit? Looks like we're snowed in.

q: What did a piece of tofu say when it got dirty?
a: Misoyaki!

q: What's the difference between Barbara Walters and Oprah?
a: Oprahs Black

q: why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
a: he was out-standing in his field.

q: What is a carpenters dream girl?
a: What is a carpenters dream girl? Flat as a board, skinny as a nail and easy to screw.

q: Why can't you tell jokes to a Nympho?
a: Because they'll take them too hard.

q: What do you call a blonde that dyed her hair brown?
a: Artificial Intelligence.

q: Why was Oedipus against profanity?
a: because he kisses his mother with that mouth.

q: What's the shortest Tom Cruise joke?
a: He walks into a bra. 

q: How do pirates know they exist?
a: They think, therefore they ARRRRRRRR!

q: What does a Catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common?
a: They both came in a little behind.

q: Why do chicken coops have only 2 doors?
a: If they had 4, it would be a chicken sedan!

q: What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics?
a: Having a pair of legs...... I know, I know, I'm going to hell

q: What's a redditor who makes pirate jokes' favorite letters?
a: It could be R and the C, but they definitely aren't OC.  

q: What's the difference between a whore and Nickleback?
a: A whore doesn't always suck cock. 

q: What is the main ingredient of a fractal fondue?
a: Mandel broth Ha ha ha The puns I make up while working as a grocery cashier..

q: How do you calm down an astronaut?
a: ...you give him space.

q: What do pirates do on Saturdays?
a: They go to Y'arrgggghhh sales. 

q: Why is your cat at school?
a: The teacher asked Jimmy, "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'"

q: Why did the nun always go to the same bar?
a: Habit

q: What did the pirate say after his first-mate stuck the wheel in his pants?
a: "ARGHH! You're driving me nuts!"

q: Well, I guess I'll jump on the pirate train. What's a horny pirate's worst nightmare?
a: Finding a treasure chest with no booty.

q: Do you know what a pirate's favorite letter is?
a: You'd think it would be "Arrrr" but it's actually the C.

q: Another pirate joke. What is a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet...?
a: "Arrrrr?"  Nope... you'd think so, but it'd be the "C." 

q: How is a pirate like a trumpet player?
a: They both murder on the high C's.

q: What do you say when the Batmobile drives by?
a: Na na na na na na na na BAT MAN What do you say when a stolen Batmobile drives by? Na na na na na na na na BLACK MAN

q: Why to Native Americans wear Jockstraps?
a: TOTEM POLE!!

q: Q: Why do Chinese noodles make the best lovers??
a: A: Because they are 'Lo Mein-tenance' and they don't won a ton of attention. ...but then again, Italian noodles have great Penne-tration...

q: What do you call Magic Johnson in a wheel-chair?
a:  

q: What do a weather man and a fat penis doctor have in common?
a: They are both meteorologists. (Works better spoken)

q: Another Pirate joke?
a: Ok, so this three part one which requires a little build up: Ask, "what a pirate's favorite letter?" Usually people get the "Rrrr" Ask, "What's a pirates favorite restaurant?" Wait for a response: "Harrrdees" or "Arrrbys"  and lastly, ask "What's a pirate's favorite branch of the military?" At this point you should get "the ARrrrrmy" and you reply "No it's the Navy stupid!"

q: Why was the composer late for work?
a: He missed Debussy. I'll just leave.

q: What is a guy who rubs bear toes called?
a: Rob...wait for it... erto! Rubeartoe!

q: Since We're Doing Pirate Jokes. What Does Every Pirate Hate?
a: A small chest with no booty. 

q: How many sorority girls does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Six. One to change it, one to take pictures and four to make t-shirts for the event. 

q: What finally killed Captain Hook?
a: Jock Itch!

q: What should you never say to a brony?
a: Hello

q: Can't whistle?
a: That's okay! We prefer hummers anyway! 

q: What are some good 'your sister jokes'?
a: Ones like: what's the difference between dinner and your sister? I wash my hands before eating dinner.

q: Why don't golf courses ever serve sandwiches?
a: They always turn out to be sub par.

q: What's a hippie's favorite animal?
a: An elk It has the E, the L, and the K. Would like to hear some more if you guys have any.

q: What'd the leper say to the prostitute?
a: Keep the tip

q: What do women and floor tiles have in common?
a: If you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for years.

q: What did the Shepard say when he saw the sheep?
a: "I herd that!"

q: Why are pirates called pirates?
a: Because they AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!

q: What do Jewish pirates wear?
a: YARRRRMULKES. 

q: How do you know when someone is a single mother?
a: Don't worry! They will tell you!

q: What do you call a sentinel with three hands?
a: A watchman. 

q: What's the difference between a stadium full of Dallas Cowboys fans, and 90,000 buckets of shit?
a: 90,000 buckets. 

q: What do Ethiopian's and a pair of jeans have in common?
a: They both have flies on them.

q: What's brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids?
a: Fire.

q: Why do Irish stew recipes only call for 239 beans?
a: Because one more, and it would be too-farty.

q: What's the difference between a gorilla and your mother ?
a: A gorilla is ground-dwelling, predominantly herbivorous ape that inhabits the forests of central Africa, & your mother is a nice lady.  ... Also I did not have sex with a gorilla.

q: What do you call a guy that overeats for the sole purpose of getting stomachaches?
a: A glutton for punishment.

q: What do Vietnamese historians and Southern rednecks have in common?
a: They both care way too much about the c Dynasty.

q: What do you do if the lights in a Chinese food restaurant are too bright?
a: Dim Sum.

q: Why can't Jewish people view pornography??
a: Because watching people porkin' just ain't Kosher! Wakakakaka

q: What noise does a witch make when she's flyin around?
a: BROOM BROOM BROOOOOOOM

q: What is the fastest thing in the world?
a: Milk.  Because it's pasteurised before you see it.

q: What's the cheapest kind of meat?
a: Deer balls. Because they are under a buck.

q: Do you want to hear the funniest joke in the world?
a: Me too.

q: Did you hear about the country adopting a "Get to it Later" policy?
a: I guess you could say it's a procrasti-NATION

q: What did the Giant say to the cripple?
a: Hodor. Hodor! Hodor! 

q: How do Mexicans cut pizza?
a: Little Caesars (say it out loud)

q: Why did no one trust the dermatologist?
a: He kept making rash decisions.

q: What do you call a waffle that's been buried in sand?
a: Sandiego  (The first joke I ever made as a kid)

q: What did the hero say during the September 11 attacks?
a: "Allah akbar!"

q: Did you hear about the big marijiauna company scandal?
a: They were putting drugs in there products

q: What's the policy at French morgues?
a: Baguette and tag it. 

q: The difference between a wife and a mistress?
a: The mistress says "Oh, darling - that was  !", and the wife says "Beige. I think we'll paint the ceiling beige..."

q: What do you call a group of Beavers?
a: A hens nights

q: What's the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits your windshield?
a: it's butt.

q: How Do You Make A Blind Man Angry?
a: Give him a basketball and ask him what it says. 

q: What's the sharpest thing in the world?
a: A fart.  It goes through your pants without even making a hole.

q: Why did the condom suddenly go flying across the room?
a: Because he was pissed off.

q: Why do black people put their trash out in clear plastic bags?
a: So that the Puerto Ricans can window-shop. 

q: What's the funniest joke that doesn't reference itself?
a: Clearly not this one!

q: Why do white girls always stay in groups of odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even...

q: What do radical feminists and Game of Thrones have in common?
a: All men must die.

q: What do you call a picture of Simon Pegg's brother?
a: JPEG

q: what do you call 4 mexicans in a sinking boat?
a: quatro cinqo  sorry

q: What do you say to a robot with a good looking bum?
a: Nice Assimo.

q: [meta] why did the chicken cross the road?
a: To get to the other bar!

q: Why did the monkey fall from the tree?
a: Because it was dead. 

q: Whats the ducks favorite drug?
a: QUACK

q: What should you do if your girlfriend is choking?
a: Back up a couple of inches. 

q: What do you call a red lemon?
a: a Lenin. ;)

q: What's green, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
a: A pool table.

q: What do you call Chinese woman with one leg?
a: Irene.

q: Are you nerd ?
a: Yesterday at social get together I was explaining to my friend how android is better than iOS in many respect.  A  girl in group says, "Are you that cool nerd guy?" I replied, "Yum"

q: Why is there no such thing as an epileptic exhibitionist?
a: Because flashing gives them seizures.

q: Why does Godzilla go to temple?
a: because he's a kaiju

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the restroom?
a: Because their P is silent.

q: You know what Popeye and Napoleon have in common?
a: They both come on those little jugs of Olive Oil.

q: What do you call a relative of a nap?
a: A napkin.

q: How are tornadoes and women alike?
a: They both moan like hell when they come, and they take the whole damn house when they leave.

q: What's the difference in a voyeur and a thief?
a: A thief snatches your watch...

q: What happened to the religious idol when it was put up at auction?
a: It was sold to the highest Buddha.

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who plays the piano?
a: Clever Dick.

q: What did the stuttering Mexican say to his friend when he tried to steal his food?
a: These are nacho-nachos.

q: What do you call a promiscuous fat woman?
a: A sperm whale. * *

q: Whats the best part about getting a blowjob from a baby?
a: It makes your dick look HUUUGE!

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong?
a: Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, and Michael Jackson rapes kids and gets away with it.

q: Anal Lube?
a: More like Anal 

q: What's the difference between a JCB and a giraffe?
a: One's got hydraulics, the other's got high bollocks.

q: Why do they have fences around cemetaries?
a: Because people are dying to get in.

q: How might a Nazi judge something?
a: They SS it.

q: Why Should You Never Marry A Tennis Player?
a: Because love means nothing to them!

q: Who wants gold?
a: amuse me first...hahaha

q: What did Sweet Potato Yahweh say?
a: I yam that I yam.

q: What do you use to compare and contrast nordic cultures?
a: A Sven diagram!

q: Bar joke - What's the difference between the dog and the fox?
a: About four beers 

q: Which came first: the chicken or the egg?
a: Trick question; the rooster.

q: Have you guys heard about the Indian coat check?
a: His name was Mahatma Coat.

q: What's that one place in Thailand called?
a: Ahh Phuket. Nevermind.

q: Why don't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom?
a: Because it's   is silent....

q: What's the difference between a dead baby and a stick?
a: I don't have a stick up my ass!

q: Have you heard the joke about the sky??
a: Well it's over your head anyway...

q: What did the viola say to her daughter before crossing the street?
a: You better C  or you'll B

q: Why was George Washington buried on Mount Vernon?
a: Because he was dead!

q: What do you call a pirate who is lost at sea and has to drink his own pee to survive?
a: Aarrrrrrr Kelly!

q: Did you know there's a species of antelope that can jump higher than a two story house?
a: This is mostly because the antelope has powerful hind leg muscles, and houses can't jump.

q: What do call a potato that knows martial arts?
a: Jacket Chan

q: Reddit, what is your best one-two line joke?
a: I heard one recently, what do you get when you put TNT in a bra? Tit bits.

q: Why should you never date someone with a lazy-eye...?
a: Because you never know if they're seeing someone on the side.  

q: What do you call a Russian with three nipples?
a: Whodyanikanipplov

q: Whats the best thing about being a siamese twin?
a: Someone to kiss while you're wanking

q: Since women are shorter....are they more genetically suited to scrub the toilet?
a: funny or not

q: What do you call a Yugoslavian Pimp?
a: Yasalivason Medickubitch

q: How do you find Will Smith in the winter time?
a: follow the Fresh Prints! 

q: What do you call a hirsute ceramicist?
a: Hairy Potter

q: If you're American outside of the bathroom, what are you inside it?
a: European

q: Want to hear a joke about Potassium?
a: K.

q: How is an accordion like an artillery shell?
a: Once you hear it, it's already too late.

q: What do you call a belt with a clock?
a: A waist of time.

q: Why was the baby strawberry sad?
a: His mom was in a jam. 

q: What do you call a flesh light powered by your smartphone?
a: iFap

q: What's the difference between Mike Tyson and the iPhone 4s?
a: There are no   videos of Mike Tyson.

q: How many bricks do you need to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two, but you're going to need a lot of patience and light bulbs.

q: Why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own?
a: It was two tired.

q: Whats the difference between Shaq and Koybe Bryant?
a: One is a Holocaust denier, and the other one rapes women and gets away with it.

q: Why did the Rams give Michael Sam #96?
a: Would #69 be too offensive?

q: What's the sound of a water truck hitting a vinegar truck?
a: KAAA DOOOUUCHE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

q: Why do you duct tape guinea pigs?
a: So they don't burst when you fuck them

q: How can you tell if someone's a Vegan?
a: Don't worry... they'll tell you.

q: Why did the man use deodorant to fix a broken window?
a: He read that it was an invisible solid. 

q: Did you hear the one about the Mormon porn star?
a: They spent a year doing missionary work.

q: What is the best gift you can give your girlfriend for your anniversary?
a: Nothing. It's a gift she will always remember. Edit: Wording clarified (Thanks to therinnovator).

q: Did you know that beer contains female hormones?
a: It's true. You drink too much you get fat, get emotional, talk too much, cry, and you can't drive a car. All apologies to the fairer sex.

q: Have you heard my unemployment joke?
a: Yeah, it needs a little work.

q: Someone explain this joke to me?
a: A nice young hillbilly couple decided to get married. Their parents wanted to give them the best wedding ever, so they reserved the nicest hotel in town. Everything was perfect. After the wedding the newlyweds went to the front desk to check in. The desk clerk asked,"Bridal" and the new husband said "Na, I'll just hold her by the ears till she gets used to it".

q: What do you get if you cross Doc Brown and Jay-Z?
a: 1.21 JiggaWhats

q: What was Jesus's least favourite exercise class?
a: Pontius Pilates.

q: Why do java coders wear glasses?
a: Because they don't C#

q: So why don't Southern Belles attend orgies any more?
a: Too many thank-you notes to write

q: Which part of a billiards setup can you use to clean your ears?
a: The cue tip.

q: What's the difference between a Bald Eagle and an American?
a: The Bald Eagle is free c:

q: What is the difference between pot and pussy?
a: If you can smell the pussy across the room, it's probably not the good stuff.

q: What's large, gray, wrinkly, and not important?
a: An irrelephant.

q: How do pirates measure rope?
a: In yarr'ds.

q: Why did Michael Sam, the first openly gay NFL player, say he doesn't shop at Sports Authority?
a: Because he prefers Dick's.

q: How much of Canada has a person from Iqaluit seen?
a: Nunavut.

q: What do you call a man with no arms or legs playing in the leaves?
a: Russell.

q: Did you know Achilles was a runway model?
a: He was fired because of his walk. He had a problem with heels.

q: Why sacrifice virgins?
a: Because they've done nothing to deserve it.

q: What do you call a Serbian who won't clean his room?
a: Novak.

q: What's the most confusing day in a Mormon home?
a: Mother's Day.

q: Why did the elephant paint his balls red?
a: What makes the loudest noise in the jungle?

q: You guys hear about the gay midget?
a: ya, he finally came out of the cupboard.

q: Did you hear about the midget fortune teller who escaped from prison?
a: The headlines read "Small Medium at Large"

q: What do you get when you win the laziest man in the world contest?
a: Atrophy. 

q: Did you hear the Russians tried to invent a new sport?
a: They had such success with  , where you box one round then play a game of chess, they tried to created another combination sport called baseball poetry. You play an inning of baseball, then compose one poem. "Ve vere not so gut at it ven ve practiced," said a spokesman. "And ven ve tried to play anozzer team, tings quickly vent from bat to verse."

q: Why do they call it a pap smear?
a: How many chicks do you know that would turn up for a cunt scrape?

q: Why did the hipster go to the gynecologist?
a: To get a Pabst smear.

q: Have you heard about the guy who reanimated the dead?
a: He made Mary Shelly roll over in her grave.

q: What is a Pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta?
a: Wartortellini!

q: What do you call a bartender giving two dolphins a drink?
a: Serving dual porpoises!

q: How do you give a lemon an orgasm?
a: You tickle its citrus. (all credit to the movie  )

q: Where does an Afghan boy go during a drone strike?
a: Everywhere.

q: Would you tell me your street address, please?
a: To which the Roman replied "I Wood" because he lived in the 1st house on Wood st. 

q: Have you heard about the Viagra shipment that was stolen?
a: The police are on the lookout for hardened criminals.

q: Why did Heisenberg have a miserable sex life?
a: Because when he found the correct position, he didn't have the momentum, and when he finally found the time, he didn't have the energy. 

q: Wheree did the king keep his armies?
a: IN HIS SLEEVIES LOL xp cuz it's like armies like babi talk for arms instead of an armie like a bunch of dudes w/ issues w/ theer masculinity  np, glad i cud explain dis 2 u

q: Did you hear about the chemist turned stand-up comic?
a: He didn't last too long; his jokes didn't get the best reactions.

q: What do you call a 2x4 that lost its family to a fire?
a: mourning wood

q: Why would a porn site that only focuses on flight attendants be really successful?
a: It only takes your left hand to type "stewardesses"

q: What do you call an ant that's walking in perfect form?
a: An informant

q: what did the jewish child molester say?
a: hey kid, wanna buy some candy?

q: How many Alzheimer victims does it take to change a light bulb?
a: To get to the other side

q: What is a shitzu?
a: A zoo with no animals.

q: What do you call the crazy people who always hang out with musicians?
a: Bass players

q: What does a drill with a dildo attached to the end and watching golf have in common?
a: They both bore the fuck out of you!

q: What would batman do if he wasn't rich?
a: He would be robin.

q: What's Whitney Houston's favorite car?
a: Hyuuuuuuundaaaaaiiiieeeiiii

q: How did the medical community come up with the term "PMS"?
a: Mad Cow Disease" was already taken.

q: Oh my gosh! Did you hear about the corderoy pillow?
a: It's making headlines. 

q: What did the snake priest say to the snake groom after the marriage?
a: You may now "hiss" the bride.

q: What's the similarity between 6th Sense and Titanic?
a: Icy dead people.

q: Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies?
a: For shits and giggles

q: All human females should be exterminated at menopause to reduce bitchiness?
a: amiright?

q: What do you get when you cross a Jehova's Witness with a Hell's Angel?
a: Someone who knocks on your door and tells YOU to fuck off.

q: What is the difference between an ounce of cocaine and an infant?
a: Eric Clapton would absolutely NEVER let an ounce of cociane fall 49 stories out a window onto the streets of New York.

q: Flirty sex jokes, eh?
a: Hopefully this is the right place for this. But I'm looking for more jokes like the "Fuck me and I'll tell you" joke and the "Knock Knock/May I come in who?" joke. Basically, any joke that sets you up to be inappropriate toward the one being told to insinuate some sort of sexual relations.

q: What did the chick pea say when it got a stomach ache?
a: I falafel.

q: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic ocean with the Titanic?
a: About halfway.      

q: What's dark, empty and going no where fast?
a: Your love life.

q: Why do black people take such good care of a Chinese baby?
a: Because black people make "Wong" decisions! 

q: Why does the nurse always carry a red pen while at work?
a: To draw blood.

q: Ever been to the Tower of Pisa?
a: the security is pretty lenient 

q: What do a lonely astronaut and your thumbs have in common?
a: They both hang out at the Space Bar.

q: What do you call a baker who doesn't make bread?
a: I don't dough!

q: Why is buying a macbook like using a high end prostitute?
a: Because you spend more but, at least you don't get a virus

q: what's the fastest animal in the world ?
a: An Ethiopian Chicken

q: How many feminists do you need to replace a lightbulb?
a: Only 1, she'll hold the bulb in place and wait while the world revolves around her.

q: When is it okay to kick a midget in the balls?
a: ...When he tells you that your wife's hair smells good.

q: What were people doing during the last ice age?
a: Chillin. 

q: Why should you never mess with an angry dysentery patient?
a: They lose their shit over the smallest things!

q: Hey girl, are you a grape?
a: Because you are raisin my dick

q: does anyone know a knock knock joke that's actually funny?
a: does anyone know a knock knock joke that's actually funny? most of the ones i have heard are not funny at all. 

q: Did you hear about the albino fortune-teller who died in the house fire?
a: She was a rare medium, well-done. 

q: Gayfish?
a: (Better said than written)  Ask someone, "Do you like fish sticks?"  If they reply yes,  Ask them, "So you like putting fish sticks in your mouth?" They will say yes, then you call them a gay fish.

q: What did the bottle of milk say to the Mexican?
a: Soy milk.

q: What do you get when you cross Miley Cyrus with an alligator?
a: A caiman like a wrecking ball.

q: Why don't they have phone books in China?
a: Because everyone uses the Internet to look up phone numbers or people don't have landlines anymore and cell phone numbers aren't listed in the phone book. Also people use social media to communicate and connect with people.

q: What's everyone's problem with euthanasia?
a: I like little asian kids

q: Why don't they have a Phone Directory in China?
a: Because there are so many "Wings" and "Wongs" they'd still wing the wong number. 

q: Why do white girls always hang out in odd numbers?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What do you call a threesome with two guys and a girl?
a: ...a DVD.

q: What do you call a communist pirate ship?
a: The USS Arrrrrr

q: What are the 4 dirtiest streets in Philadelphia?
a: Turner, Front, Mascher, Cherry

q: Want a screwdriver?
a: Rich woman and her driver are out in the country. They get a flat tire, and of course the driver can't get the hubcap off. The woman searches the tool bag, and spies a tool that will help. "You want a screwdriver?" she asks. "Might as well, I can't get this damned hubcap off." 

q: OC: What does a limo driver and a hairy stripper have in common?
a: They both get paid to chauffeur. (show fur)

q: How much sex does a sister of the church get?
a: Nun

q: Did you hear Tarantino is making a documentary about the Catholic Church?
a: It's called Pulpit Fiction

q: What kind of cheese do rich people eat?
a: Guccheese.

q: Why can't ducks tell jokes when they fly?
a: Cause they would quack up.

q: What gym did Socrates go to?
a: The Y.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a salad?
a: Most people don't get angry when you toss a salad.

q: Why did the blind kid fail geometry?
a: He didnt see the point.

q: Why do Native Americans make the best strippers?
a: Their dancing can make it rain.

q: What's the most dangerous animal in Alaska?
a: Sarah Palin

q: What did Mr. Burns bring to the pot luck?
a: Egg_salad

q: Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head?
a: Because from a distance, they looked like hare.

q: How does a prostitute make more than a drug dealer?
a: Because she can clean her crack and sell it again

q: What do a gas pump nozzle and a penis have in common?
a: No matter how much you shake them, they still leak a little bit when you try and put them away.

q: Where do you put the Duke?
a: In the duke box!

q: What do you call a movie set during a woman's menstral cycle?
a: A period piece

q: What vegetable was on the badge in the cab?
a: A CABBAGE!

q: What would LMFAO's hit song be called if they were Russian?
a: "I'm Slavic and I know it"

q: What's honey mustards least favorite holiday?
a: Cinco de Mayo

q: What does Optimus Prime say on 4-20?
a: Autobots, roll up!

q: What can give you life, but also kill you?
a: Your father...

q: What does it say on Billy Mays' s tomb stone?
a: BILLY MAYS HERE!

q: Why was 5 afraid of 6?
a: Because 6 7 8! ...(in honor of May 4th Star Wars day)...

q: Why are most blacks Catholic?
a: If they were Jewish their dicks couldn't live in the hood.

q: Why come cats purr?
a: It's your pussy's way of saying "I love you."

q: What do you call a pirate having sex?
a: A jolly rogering.

q: Did you hear about the terrorist who was sent to blow up a car?
a: Well, he burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.

q: Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive?
a: Because she was a woman. 

q: Did you hear about the fly on the toilet seat?
a: It was Saturn by Uranus.

q: The shortest sentence in the English language is "go." What is the longest?
a: Life without parole

q: Kentucky Derby trivia - Why don't female jockeys shave their pussies?
a: They like their fur long! I'll show myself out...

q: What's the difference between a honda and a Porsche?
a: Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a Honda

q: How can you tell if you have a high sperm count?
a: Your girl has to chew before she swallows. 

q: What's the difference between yogurt and semen?
a:  Yogurt, dammit! I meant   doesn't hit the back of your partner's throat at 30 MPH. * I always mess up punchlines when I'm drunk!

q: Why did Harry Potter buy so many golden snitches?
a: Because they were only a quideach

q: Why did the boat know it had a leak?
a: That sinking feeling...

q: How do religions reproduce?
a: They have sects.

q: What did the physicist have for lunch?
a: Fission chips.

q: WHat's the worst part of being a black jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the gas chamber

q: How did the shattering glass get everyone's attention?
a: "Let me be loud and clear!"

q: What do you call an Israeli rooster?
a: A koke.

q: What did JFK say after banging Marilyn Monroe?
a: "Some men have greatness thrust upon them, some men thrust upon greatness."

q: Did you hear about the christian rapper who went missing?
a: He never did turn up.

q: Have you heard about the Rabbi who did circumcisions for free?
a: He worked for tips. 

q: How do you fit 10 lbs of shit into a 5 lb sack?
a: The same way you take the F out of 'way'

q: Did you hear about the scientist who accidentally tripped into his cloning machine?
a: He was really beside himself after that one.

q: Why was 2 afraid of 4?
a: Because 4 8 16!

q: Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl going the bathroom?
a: Because the P is silent.

q: Did you hear about the guy who brought a ladder to the bar?
a: He heard beer was on the house

q: Why doesn't Jesus buy beer?
a: Hebrews.

q: How did the Jewish terrorist die?
a: Hebrew up.

q: What's the difference between a queer and a refrigerator?
a: A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out!

q: Did you hear about the leper whose wife died in a tragic car accident?
a: He fell to pieces.

q: What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy woman who's on her period?
a: You get your palm red for free.

q: What does the cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend?
a: He wipes his butt!

q: Why does a giraffe need such a long neck?
a: Because its head is so far away from its body.

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl taking a whiz?
a: Because the P is silent!

q: What is the cheapest way to blindfold an Asian?
a: Dental floss.

q: Why do you never have sex with someone's ear?
a: Because you'll give them hearing AIDS.

q: Why did the Mexican Army only bring 5000 soldiers to the Alamo?
a: They only had 2 vans 

q: You know why cannibals don't eat divorced women?
a: They're bitter.

q: What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
a: Bugs Bunny! 

q: What is a pirate's favorite element?
a: Argon

q: Why did Albert Einstein marry his cousin?
a: Because she was his relative

q: What does the "B" in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for?
a: Benoit B Mandelbrot 

q: What is eternity?
a: Two self-conscious guys taking a shit in a public restroom.

q: Whats the difference between your Mom and the Pringles guy?
a: I can't get my whole fist in the Pringles guy's can.

q: What do you get when you cross a horse and a donkey?
a: A half-ass joke. Credit to   for inspiration. 

q: Which punchline do you like better? What do you call a nun that sleep-walks?
a: a) A Roamin' Catholic b) An unconscious habit

q: How did Jesus like his chicken?
a: Crucifried

q: How do you make a man from New Zealand fall asleep?
a: Ask him to count how many sexual partners he has had (Because they're sheep fuckers).

q: What is Jesus's go-to pickup line?
a: Would you like me to show you what it feels like to get nailed?

q: What did Sting say to his proctologist?
a: Don't stand so close to me.

q: What so you call a bulldog mixed with a shih tzu?
a: A bull shiht

q: How many surrealists does it take to screw in a fish?
a: Lightbulb.

q: What do tight jeans and a cheap hotel have in common?
a: No ballroom

q: [OC] Hey, do you wanna hear a joke about a condom?
a: Tell you the truth, it's pretty bad. It's filled with holes.

q: Why do girls always walk around in odd numbered groups?
a: Because they can't even.

q: What do you call a cancerous growth on a clown?
a: A  . 

q: What do you say to an airplane when it gets mad?
a: Cool your jets.

q: Why do Russians love pho?
a: Because they're SO-VIET

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill am Irishman?
a: Zero.

q: Whats long and green and smells like pork?
a: Kermit the frogs finger.

q: What is the difference between a gay man and a hot dog?
a: One is an oscar meyer weiner, the other admires oscar's weinner

q: What do you call a policeman with a thing for MLP?
a: A clop cop.

q: Why can't a schizophrenic kleptomaniac become President?
a: He always takes office clothes.

q: What did the tv say to the remote control?
a: "you turn me on"

q: What to gay men call hemorrhoids??
a: Speed bumps

q: What do you call a shifty midget in a police line up?
a: A little suspect

q: Did you hear about the blonde that tried to enter a weightlifting competition?
a: The judges said "Sorry, we've got enough dumbbells"

q: What's the difference between a park bench and a writer?
a: A park bench can support a family.

q: How do u get a pool table to laugh?
a: tickle its balls.

q: What is both a fruit and a vegetable?
a: Elton John in a coma.

q: What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef?
a: Anyone can roast beef. 

q: Why do Native Americans hate April showers?
a: Because they bring Mayflowers

q: What do you call a guy who's rolling around in the grass early in the morning?
a: Dewy

q: Did you hear about the constipated math professor?
a: He worked his problem out with a pencil.

q: Did you hear about the man who had his entire left side removed?
a: You could say he is all right now

q: what did the man say when he couldn't get frea with his dog?
a: oops, forgot the ky

q: Why is the bride always sad on her wedding day?
a: Because she doesn't get to marry the best man. 

q: What's an Irish seven-course meal?
a: A six-pack and a potato

q: What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period?
a: You get your palm red for free.

q: Why does the noble gas always cry?
a: Because all his friends Argon.

q: What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?
a: You can't wash your face in a buffalo.

q: What did the blind, deaf and dumb kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: Why did little Susie fall off the swing?
a: Because she had no arms. Knock, knock. Who's there? Not Susie.

q: What do you call Raggedy Ann, in a puddle of mud, with a stone in her mouth?
a: A dirty cotton rock sucker.

q: What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile?
a: Q: What do you call a blind Australian Crocodile? A: Crocodile Dunsee

q: Why did Jill fall off the swing?
a: Because she had no arms. Why did she not get back up? Because she had no legs. What did Jill get for Christmas? A bicycle.

q: Are people in wheelchairs okay with jokes being made about them?
a: I don't know where they stand on the issue.

q: What did the boy with no hands get for his birthday?
a: I don't know he hasn't opened it yet. 

q: Why don't lawyers have sex with their clients?
a: To prevent double billing.

q: What's a bear without an ear?
a: A b

q: What did Noah do with all the poop?
a: Threw it overboard. it formed the UK. Taken from here: 

q: What keeps running and doesn't get tired?
a: A Kenyan child. 

q: What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison?
a: An escapea 

q: Why are knives always the funniest students at utensil school?
a: Because they're the class cut-ups.

q: Why do you call an angry bear?
a: A grrrrrrrizzly bear

q: Did you hear about gay Santa?
a: He stuck a match in a frogs ass and then shaved the skin off of the frog. Looking at it upside down he said "now who wants some popcorn?"

q: What do you get when ant's parents won't let him marry his girlfriend?
a: Antelopes.

q: Have you heard the one about the ceiling?
a: Nevermind, it's over your head

q: What's black, red, and blue all over?
a: Rihanna.

q: Why did Oscar Pistorius shoot his girlfriend in the bathroom?
a: Because he's one of the few people in World that couldn't kick down the door.

q: Have You Heard The One About The Sheep?
a: It's baaad...

q: What do bulls do math with?
a: A cow-culator! (Cue groans)

q: What's the difference between clever and stupid ?
a: you can't wank yourself clever.

q: What do you call a cheat sheet you use for a Philosophy test?
a: A Nietzsche-t sheet!

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Prize?
a: He was outstanding in his field 

q: How do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher?
a: Calculator!

q: How did the girl end up with ninja jizz on her face?
a: she didn't see him coming

q: What do you call a german who is afraid of enclosed spaces?
a: Klaustrophobic

q: Have you guys heard of the new ska/dubstep band?
a: first they drop the bass. then they pickitup-pickitup-pickitup!

q: [OC] What is the gay community's favourite type of question?
a: Queries.

q: Why did the one handed man cross the road?
a: To get to the second hand store!

q: What do you call a cow that's had an abortion?
a: Decaffeinated!  Bah dum dum...ting

q: What should you do when you are cold?
a: Stand in a corner, corners are 90 degrees 

q: Why do hummingbirds hum?
a: They don't know the words.

q: Why don't old people have sex?
a: Have you ever tried to open a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: Why do Jews only read the Old Testament?
a: Because they're too cheap to buy the new! 

q: How do you make a little boy cry twice?
a: Rub your bloody dick on his teddy bear.  (think about it) 

q: What's three times worse than OCD?
a: OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait the last time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait, the second time didn't feel right. OCD, OCD, OCD. Wait...

q: What fried food will shut your neighbor's dogs up?
a: Hushpuppies.

q: Have you heard the joke about the cloud?
a: No? Eh, it's way over your head.

q: What was the slogan for Shakespeare's camping shop?
a: Now is the winter of our discount tents

q: What did the divers find the sunken Korean ferry had hit?
a: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370

q: Why should you not let your kids go to Korean Discos?
a: Because you don't want them hanging around Parks at night.

q: What's got two legs and bleeds?
a: half a dog [Derek, s01e05]

q: What do all Amish women want?
a: 2 Mennonite. 

q: Did you hear about the Kidnapping?
a: Don't worry, he woke up

q: What do Will and Jaden Smith like about today?
a: It's After Earth Day.

q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide eggs?
a: Because, he doesn't want anyone to know he's screwing a chicken.

q: What do you call it when plants bang?
a: Floral sex.

q: What seemed to be the parrots problem?
a: Prolly wanted a cracker!

q: What do you call a bunch of white guys in a burning building?
a: Fire Crackers.

q: What's the difference between zombies?
a: Q: What's the difference between zombies? A: Zombies make honey, and zombies don't.

q: What did the field say to the farmer?
a: Plow Me!

q: Why don't Korean captains wear hats?
a: Because they don't know what to do with cap sizes.

q: How do you turn a cobra into a rattlesnake?
a: Give it to Michael J Fox

q: What is it called when you mix Alcohol and Literature?
a: Tequila Mockingbird. (X-post  )

q: What is the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating?
a: Your ears

q: Why doesn't Sherlock Holmes pay any income tax?
a: Because he makes so many brilliant deductions.

q: What do you get when you cross a hit of acid with a birth control pill?
a: A trip without the kids.

q: Whats long brown and sticky?
a: A stick

q: What's the difference between a faggot and a freezer?
a: A freezer doesn't fart when you take the meat out!

q: Why can't Irish people become lawyers?
a: Because of their inability to pass the bar! Credit to my dad for this one

q: Why was the heroin dealer arrested at the basketball game?
a: He was talking smack. 

q: Moms have Mother's Day and dads have Father's Day. What do single guys have?
a: Palm Sunday.

q: Why don't the Amish waterski?
a: The horses would drown. Ba-dum TISH

q: Why are there a lot of problem gamblers in the Harry Potter universe?
a: Because they have a quidditch.

q: What's your favourite priest and a rabbi joke?
a: Been awhile since I've her some priest and a rabbi jokes. Hit me with your best one! Mine: a priest and a rabbi are waking down the street  The priest asks " wanna screw some kids?" The rabbi replies "out if what?"

q: What's yellow and smells like a zebra?
a: Lion vomit.

q: Where is Benedict Arnold's favorite place to shop for groceries?
a: Traitor Joe's

q: What do you do when a Chemistry teacher dies ?
a: Barium

q: Whats the perfect place to hide a body on the internet?
a: The second page of a youtube search.

q: If the sign says "don't feed the fishes" then what can you feed fishes anyway?
a: Nothing. Weren't you listening?

q: What is the difference between a seal and a sea lion?
a: an electron

q: How can a room full of couples be empty?
a: There isn't a single person left!  Bwahahahahaha

q: What do you call the Spanish Government?
a: Juan Republic

q: Why'd the chicken cross the road.?
a: [reasons unknown]

q: Why is Jesus terrible in bed?
a: Because it takes three days for him to rise again, and two thousand years to come twice.

q: What caused the civil war in Ethiopia?
a: Too many Negus.

q: My mom's favorite Easter joke: Why does the Easter bunny hide Easter eggs?
a: Because he doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken.

q: Why does a Jew moan when he has an orgasm?
a: Because it has to come from his own sack (Joke might work better in Dutch, where 'zak' means both sack and pocket)

q: What is so bad about being half black and half asian?
a: You can steal a car but you can't drive it. 

q: How many Mormons does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Edit*: tried to fix the 1 into a 3 but my Reddit app is being a bitch.

q: What did Donkey Kong say when Mario asked him for help for some schoolwork?
a: "I D K"

q: Why does the Easter Bunny go around hiding all those eggs?
a: Because he doesn't want everyone to know that he's been fucking that chicken.

q: What do you call a masturbation session that ensued while doing maths?
a: Numberwank.

q: Why is a train a bad person to go to the bar with?
a: Because all he says is "Chug Chug Chug"

q: How do mathematicians deal with constipation?
a: They work it out with a pencil.

q: what happened to the cow when it jumped over the barbed wire fence?
a: Udder destruction!

q: What do you call a hooker who likes noodles?
a: A Pastatute

q: What is it called when someone overdoses on ecstasy?
a: Kill-joy

q: What's your favorite dirty joke?
a: Mine is: Wht do Jewish men have their sons circumsised? Because they know Jewish women can't resist anything 10% off.

q: How do you cure the hiccups?
a: Dunk your head in a bucket of water and pull it out twice. 

q: What do a Caucasian woman's breasts have in common with clouds?
a: They're both white fluffy things that float high above the fruitful land where the seeds are planted. Source: Brandon Sanderson

q: What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college?
a: Bison

q: Why is Santa Claus' sack so big?
a: He only comes once a year.

q: What happens when Kim Jong-un gets sick?
a: He turns into Kim Jong-ill!

q: What happened when the Eskimo teens went clubbing?
a: They got new fur coats. 

q: What is the difference between a teacher and a train?
a: The teacher says, "Spit out your gum," but a train says, "Chew chew!"

q: Did you hear about the new show about a camel on a cow ranch?
a: It's been called a dairy drama about a dromedary.

q: Did you hear about the woman who used a fake name and married a renown psychologist?
a: She committed Frued. Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week.

q: What do you call a cute shortcoming?
a: Flaww

q: How do you make a latte?
a: Add $5 to a cup of coffee.

q: Why did the photographer get arrested?
a: He was charged with shooting kids and framing the parents.

q: How did you get your girlfriend to have sex with you while she was on her period?
a: Let's just say I pulled some strings.

q: What's the difference between a kid and a cat?
a: Who has the diploma when you get rid of them.

q: Why should you never shout at a pirate?
a: Because it hurts their buccaneers. (Sorry it's lame, I just made it up) 

q: Why are there no painkillers in the jungle?
a: Because the parrots eat 'em all.

q: What do you get when a cow jumps in cold water?
a: Utter udder shudder.

q: What type of cheese can you see in a mirror?
a: Halloumi! (Hello me) 

q: Why couldn't Beethoven find his music teacher?
a: He was Haydn

q: Did you hear about the blind circumciser?
a: He got the sack!

q: Why don't black people sleep well?
a: Because we killed the only one with a dream

q: Why do rapists go after fat women?
a: Because no one will believe them.

q: What do you call an invisible mom that got a sex change?
a: Transparent

q: How are mashed potatoes similar to an online college degree?
a: If it ends up on your wall, you're probably retarded.

q: Why Don't feminists make good botanists?
a: They spend the entire time in the greenhouses bitching about the glass ceiling. 

q: What do Little Miss Moffat and Saddam Hussein have in common?
a: They both have curds in their whey.

q: What do you call a pony with a cough?
a: A little hoarse!!! 

q: What do you call a brother and sister rack of ribs??
a: Riblings

q: Jokes about white sugar are rare, but brown sugar?
a: Demerara Source:   by  .

q: Can February march?
a: No, but April may.

q: April showers bring May flowers, and what do Mayflowers bring?
a: Smallpox.

q: Which of the Knights of the Round Table actually created the round table?
a: Circumference. 

q: What do you call a chocolate moose?
a: Dessert.

q: How do you know you let a hippie stay at your house?
a: He's still there.

q: What do good dragons read when they are pregnant?
a: How to Train Your Dragon. Good parenting, that is.

q: Why can't white girls finish their sentences?
a: Because they can't even

q: How do you tell a hypocrite from a normal person?
a: The hypocrite's the one that exists.

q: what do you call bees on halloween?
a: boo bees

q: What do you call the Mexican KKK?
a: The Qu Qu Qu.

q: Did You Ever Stop And Think??
a: Did You Ever Stop And Think??  Do blind people dream,can they see their dreams?  If corn oil is made from corns and vegetable oil is made from  vegetables,then what is baby oil made of?  Why do Twinkle Twinkle little star & a b c song have the same tunes? STOP SINGING AND READ ON!!!  If electricity is made from electrons then does morality comes from morons?  Why there is a light in the refrigerator but not in a freezer.. Expand ur imagination;)

q: Did you hear about the priestess who accidentally healed the evil darklord?
a: Talk about a clerical error!

q: Why shouldn't you play against Adolf Hitler in Madden?
a: Because he always blitzes.

q: What does Professor Xavier say when he wants to be tickled?
a: tummy, my X-Men!

q: Why doesn't Oedipus curse?
a: Because he kisses his mother with that mouth

q: Why was the legless man immortal?
a: Because he couldn't kick the bucket.

q: Do you know what evil kisses sound like?
a: Muah hahaha

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic?
a: Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish?
a: Two very unhappy animals.

q: What's the difference between Canadians and Americans?
a: 100 pounds.

q: What do you find at the end of a double rainbow?
a: A group of gay men

q: Why was the blonde nymphomaniac sad after she got her driver's license?
a: She got an F in sex.

q: Why would two melons in love hate their parents?
a: Because they cantaloupe. =D.....=).....=|='(

q: What happened when the reporter fell into the water?
a: She became an anchor...

q: How do you fit 50 elephants into a subway station?
a: You take the letter "f" out of the word "way" (there's no f in way) *joke works best when the person being asked the question has to think about it for some time and says the phrase themselves without realizing what they said

q: What shape is your hair in the morning?
a: A wrecktangle.  (Made up by my 10 year old daughter :)

q: What's the difference between a horse dick and a joke?
a: You can't take a joke.

q: If April showers bring May flowers what do Mayflowers bring?
a: Genocide.

q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his cup of free-trade coffee?
a: Because he started drinking it before it was cool.

q: What is your favorite "There are two kinds of people..." joke?
a: My favorite is "There are two kinds of people...those who cheat at 7-up, and god damned liars."

q: What did the doctor say to the terminally ill deaf patient?
a: "Now, this may be difficult to hear..."

q: Which part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat?
a: the wheelchair

q: What's the difference between Walk of Life and Washington state?
a: One's by Dire Straits, the other's by dryer states.  

q: When do Jews go swimming?
a: When it Israeli hot

q: What is the difference between one night stand, long relationship and marriage?
a: in one night stand you tear off the panties in long relationship you gently remove the panties in marriage you wash and dry the panties.  then fold them and put them in the clothes cupboard.

q: Is Schrdinger's cat alive?
a: Short answer: No Long answer: Yes

q: OC: after talking with my buddy, I thought of this. how do you know if some does crossfit?
a: They''ll tell you.

q: What do you call it when an Italian has one arm shorter than the other?
a: A speech impediment.

q: What do toy trains and boobs have in common?
a: They were both designed for the kids but it's the dad that ends up playing with them.

q: From my History class about elections: If a country is 80% Hindu and 20% Muslim, who wins?
a: The USA

q: Why was Jesus in such good shape when he died?
a: He was Cross-Fit.

q: Having hearing problems?
a: Turn down the volume on your porn. Problem solved!

q: Why did the lion always lose at poker?
a: He was playing with a bunch of cheetahs!

q: Why were the sneakers so sad?
a: Because they had ten issues.

q: What's a musician's favourite kitchen utensil?
a: A Chopin' knife!

q: Why do monks wear the same clothes every day?
a: Because old habits die hard.

q: Why can't the average white girl pass Math?
a: Because she can't even.

q: What motivated Hercules to face off against Cerberus?
a: Alcmene triple-dog-dared him.

q: What did the sea-world trainer's friend say to him after he spilled water on his friends lap?
a: You did that on porpoise 

q: Why do white girls always travel in odd number packs?
a: They can't even

q: What beverage does Bruce Lee like to drink?
a: WAA-TAA!

q: How are pimples and a priest different?
a: Pimples don't come on your face until you are 12.

q: How many ants are needed to fill an apartment?
a: Ten-ants

q: What happened with the wooden car with wooden wheels, wooden seats, and a wooden engine?
a: It wooden go.

q: Why did the two chicken crossed the road?
a: Because The Hound wanted to eat both of them. 

q: For my food service workers out there: How many servers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: That's not my fucking sidework!

q: why do mice have such small balls?
a: They can't dance very well. 

q: What do you call a nun who is outside her local calling area?
a:   

q: What did the flower say to the bicycle?
a: Petal.

q: Why did the Xbox owner cross the road?
a: To fuck your mom.

q: Do you guys have any clean ish Super Hero jokes?
a: I'm going to be an Emcee at a superhero themed  event and some jokes would be great. The sexual assault superman one just won't fly. Many people there aren't really into super heros but some (very few) are. My favorite so far is... If Iron Man and Silver Surfer teamed up....they would be alloys.

q: How do you tell a good farmer?
a: He's outstanding in his field

q: How do you get a man with only one arm out of a tree?
a: Wave.

q: What if earth rotates 30 times faster?
a: Interviewer:"If the Earth rotates 30 times faster, what will happen?" engineer:"We will get our salary everyday" :D Think Greedily Act Confidently

q: Why do French tanks have rear-view mirrors?
a: So they can see the battle. 

q: What sort of soup do men make most often after sex?
a: Split pee soup. (I made it up. I'm sorry.)

q: Why are women like parachutes?
a: Because if they don't spread they are worthless.

q: What do you call someone with one arm and no legs?
a: Names

q: What do you call a mentally ill person without arms and legs?
a: Call him whatever you want, its not like he's gonna get up and do anything about it.

q: What do you call a math teacher that assigns graphs with holes and assymptotes on tests?
a: Asshole.

q: What do women and grammar Nazis have in common?
a: One missed period is enough to freak them out. 

q: Why can't your wife make crispy bacon?
a: Because she got used to your soft meat.

q: Why couldn't the bike stand up?
a: It was too tired.

q: Why are there no elderly people in Africa?
a: They all die when they turn aidy.

q: Why do so many people like hanging out with Mr. Mushroom?
a: Because he's a Fungi!

q: Where do young cantaloupes go in the summer?
a: John Cougar's Melon Camp

q: Did you know Helen Keller had a swing in her backyard?
a: Neither did she.

q: Why do Leprechauns laugh when they run?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls.

q: What's the difference between a muddy bicycle and a ditzy lesbian?
a: One is a dirty bike and the other is a derpy dyke. 

q: Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups?
a: Because they can't even.

q: First cannibal: Am I late for dinner?
a: Second cannibal: Yes. Everyone's eaten.

q: What's the difference between a male and female table?
a: A male table is made with hard wood.

q: Have you heard the joke about Murphy's Law?
a: It goes like... no wait... ah, damn it.

q: Did you hear about Medusa's short lived stand up career?
a: She always faced a tough crowd. 

q: How did Moses make his coffee?
a: Hebrewed it.

q: How often do airplanes crash?
a: Just once. /**************************************/ Edit: Thank you all for letting the world know that planes have in fact crashed more than once throughout history. No shit, Sherlock. Its called a joke. Do you think it would be all that funny if the punchline was "Usually, they get destroyed when they crash, but sometimes they go back up in da air."?

q: What do you call a russian bull?
a: a moscow

q: Did you hear about the movie with the Red Tractor?
a: The trailer was better

q: What do women and KFC have in common?
a: One you are finished with the breast and the thighs, you still have a greasy box to put your bone

q: What's the difference betweens jews and Santa-Claus?
a: Santa Claus comes down the chimney

q: Why don't skeletons get sick?
a: Because they always have an anti-body

q: How do you know your sister is on her period?
a: When your dads dick tastes like shit.

q: Have you heard of the movie called "Diarrhea"?
a: It's okay if you haven't - it was a quick release.

q: What do you call a sauna massage?
a: A saussage 

q: Did you hear Kevin Trudeau is working on a new book?
a: It's called Prison Yard Secrets "They" Don't Want You to Know About. 

q: Did you hear about the white supremacists chemist with a lisp?
a: He was so radium carbon iodine thorium he joined the potassium potassium potassium.

q: What's the only thing better than a gold medal at the Paralympics?
a: Legs

q: What do you call someone who wears a diaper fashioned from a map?
a: Incontinent 

q: Which four-member rock group doesn't sing or play music?
a: Mount Rushmore.

q: What did the statue say to the chair?
a: Chair? Statue?! :D

q: You know what I love about cafeterias?
a: Everything they serve is an entree. WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB

q: How long does a dog's bark last?
a: ly a second.

q: What did the bullied microchip say?
a: PIC on someone your own size!

q: Why wouldn't you hire bears from Australia?
a: Because they don't have the necessary koalafications. (Derived from:  )

q: What is a printer's favorite Village People song?
a: YMCK

q: Did you hear about the duck with a drug problem?
a: He was a real quackhead. 

q: What do you call a judge that doesn't have any fingers?
a: Justice Thumbs

q: What did the turtle do when he ran out of gas?
a: He went to the Shell station.

q: How do you move a 2000 lb dinosaur?
a: Don't know?? Use DINO-MITE

q: Why don't Mexicans blow their noses?
a: So that they have something to pick in the off-season.

q: What's the Difference Between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates?
a: Bill Gates never got a Mac, but Steve Jobs got PC.

q: How does an atom with bad grammar respond to an order?
a: I on it.

q: Did you hear about the man in Philadelphia who had a phone stuck up his butt?
a: He was trying to make a booty call!

q: Did you know Justin Bieber has an 8 inch cock?
a: Yeah, but it's up his ass and it belongs to Usher

q: Hey reddit, ever hear the one about no and me neither?
a: Me neither.

q: what happened when the blond tried giving her boyfriend a blowjob while he was driving?
a: they both fell off the motorcycle 

q: What did the redneck say to the Frenchman?
a: You don't speak English fourchette!

q: Why do teenage girls hang out in odd-numbered groups?
a: Because they can't even.

q: How many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: More than three because the basement is still dark!

q: What do you get when you cross a lesbian with a hippopotamus?
a: A lickalottapuss.

q: What do you call an Ethiopian taking a shit?
a: A show off

q: What do a man and a rubix cube have in common?
a: The longer you play with them, the harder they get.

q: Where do ants keep their armies?
a: in their sleevies

q: What did the idiot do after seeing a joke that wasn't very funny?
a: Downvote it.

q: Why did the man with one butt cheek get fired?
a: He did everything half-assed.

q: What do dumbfounded people eat for desert?
a: Geezcake

q: How do you say "Fuck you" in American Sign Language?
a: Lift your hand up and put all fingers down except your middle finger.

q: What's the difference between toilet paper and a shower curtain?
a: "I don't know." "So you're the one!"

q: what was adam's nickname for eve?
a: prime rib

q: What rhymes with freedom?
a: Oil

q: April showers bring may flowers What do may flowers bring?
a: Pilgrims. What do Pilgrims bring? Smallpox

q: Why couldn't Mewtwo move?
a: There was too much friction.

q: What do you call two gay Irish partners?
a: John Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzjohn 

q: What do Pink Floyd & Dale Earnhart have in common?
a: Their last big hit was the wall.

q: What kind of tea do wealthy people own?
a: Proper-Tea

q: What do you call a guy with a rabbit up his arse?
a: Warren

q: Did you hear about the guy that got trampled by the triplets?
a: He's six feet under now.

q: What's the difference between golf and sky diving?
a: Twack......... Shit!

q: Why do record collectors have bad sex lives?
a: They're always complaining about the 10" they don't have.

q: Where does Amy go after the explosion?
a: Where does Amy go after the explosion? EVERYWHERE!!!

q: What does a man with a 9 inch penis eat for breakfast?
a: Well, Right now I'm frying up some eggs, got some toast in the toaster and the coffees brewing. 

q: What do Indian movie stars play at the beach?
a: Bollyball

q: What do 7 million Chevy's have in common?
a: I don't recall.

q: What do call a girl that eats pastries while browsing the internet?
a: Eclair. 

q: You know how you keep an asshole in suspense?
a: I'll tell you tomorrow!

q: What does the B in Benot B. Mandelbrot stand for?
a: Benot B. Mandelbrot

q: What is the size of women in Italy?
a: Itali-cized.

q: What do you call a skinhead underwater?
a: An oister

q: What did one fish say to the other during the race?
a: I'M GOING TILAPIA!!!

q: Why does China care so much about money?
a: They can't resist all of the cha-'ching'.

q: Why are all comic book readers drug addicts?
a: They just can't resist the heroine.

q: Why do asians got to the hospital after voting?
a: Everyone knows that you should see a doctor for an erection that last longer than 4 hours.

q: So, how do you make your truck look like Lance Armstrong?
a: hang one tennis ball from the tailgate!!

q: What's the difference between a wheat thin and a lesbian?
a: One's a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker. 

q: Why do old men take Viagra?
a: It stops them from rolling out of bed.

q: What is a printer's favorite type of jelly?
a: Jelly's fine, but paper jam is the best!

q: What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large.

q: How do you know your friend has been at the gym?
a: Don't worry, he'll tell you.

q: What's the most fun a monk can have?
a: Nun

q: Was your ass freed from enslavement?
a: Because it's off the chain.

q: What do you call it when a flight attendant gets pregnant?
a: Pilot error. 

q: What do you call a stampede of mexicans running away from a snake?
a: -panic

q: How many bottles of beer does it take to kill someone?
a: One, if you throw it hard enough.

q: How do you stop a Polish battletank?
a: Shoot the guy pushing it.

q: What does Mrs. Potato Head call her husband's penis?
a: The Dick-tater.

q: What do the French have between the 2nd and 3rd course?
a: Intercourse.

q: What did the photographer say when he retired?
a: "I can't take it anymore!"

q: What is your funniest joke about the French?
a: Mine is this: How do you pick out the Frenchmen in a room full of naked soldiers? They're the ones with sunburned armpits. 

q: What kind of Dog does Homer Simpson have?
a: A DOH-berman!

q: How do you confuse a retard?
a: Say "purple". 

q: What's the difference between a computer program and global warming?
a: One's an algorithm, and the other's an Al Gore-ism!

q: Why can't you tell jokes in base 8?
a: Because 7, 10, 11!

q: What do you call it when a girl throws a tantrum during her period?
a: An ovary-action.

q: why did the cookie go to the doctors?
a: ... because he felt crumby! 

q: What did JFK say about his multiple affairs?
a: "I did them not because they were easy, but because I was hard."

q: What's the difference between Black man, and Batman?
a: Batman can go in a convenience store without Robbin.

q: What steps do you take if you encounter a bear in the wild?
a: Fucking big ones!

q: What's the difference between a hockey player and a French woman?
a: Hockey players shower after three periods.

q: What Do You Call Giving a Dutch Guy a Gun?
a: Armin Van Buren.

q: What did the super smart dude say to the moron?
a: What did the super smart dude say to the moron?

q: What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors?
a: A reptile dysfunction

q: How many sound guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two, two... One, two.

q: What's the difference between a basketball player and a mexican?
a: Nothing, they both run, jump, shoot and steal.

q: What do you call a fat Chinese person?
a: Double Chin

q: My boyfriend didn't think the joke I made up was funny - what do Jews call Jesus?
a: JEWSUS 

q: What happened to the guy that was trimming some bushes and accidentally sliced off his left arm??
a: Well they say he's "allRIGHT" xD

q: What do you call a second hand gold necklace?
a: Recyc-bling (I'm pretty sure I thought of this myself but I used to smoke the Mary Jane a lot so......)

q: What do fat chicks do in the summer time?
a: Stink.

q: What's the difference between a plumber and a scientist?
a: Pronounce this word: unionized

q: What did one cell say to his sister that stepped on his toe?
a: Mitosis 

q: What do you call a man with a seagull on his head?
a: Cliff.

q: What do you get when you order a JFK?
a: An americano with an extra shot

q: What did the chill pigeon say?
a: coo. coo.

q: What do you call a Jew with heartburn?
a: An acidic Jew.

q: Why was Edward stuck at the Russian airport?
a: Because he was Snowden.

q: Knock knock! Who's there? Orange. Orange who?
a: Orange you glad I painfully waited until I was done cooking your food to take a poop?

q: Why did the Hippy Drown?
a: he was tooooo faaaaaaar oouuuuutttt maaaaaannnn

q: (OC) What do you call Helen Keller punching someone?
a: Senseless violence.

q: Did you hear about the vintage attach with a perfectly working clasp?
a: It was a classic open-and-shut case.

q: What does a sick deception eat?
a: A bowl of Chicken noodle coupe

q: What's the difference between magic and black magic?
a: Black magic doesn't work. 

q: What do you call an Eastern European cashier?
a: A Checkoutslovakian. (Better said than read)

q: Who do you want on your basketball team in heaven?
a: Peter. He can deny Jesus three times.

q: What is springy and springy?
a: the Easter Bunny

q: What's the difference between a surgeon and God?
a: God knows he's not a surgeon.

q: What do you call a constipated detective?
a: No shit sherlock.

q: What do you get when you are the daughter of Rodney Dangerfield and Aretha Franklin?
a: No R-E-S-P-E-C-T.

q: Who do you call to clean up foul language?
a: A cuss-todian!

q: What does Tupak Shakur have in common with Lethal Weapon 4?
a: Both were shot in Vegas

q: How do you know if a homeless man has a girlfriend?
a: He has two clean fingers. 

q: Did you hear about the clam that could play violin?
a: It had excellent mussel memory.

q: What do you call a wannabe model?
a: A poser!

q: What do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common?
a: They both love to crack open a cold one.

q: How many Bolsheviks does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None - the lightbulb has the capacity for its own revolution

q: Three bloody tampons are walking down the street. Which one talks to you first?
a: None of them because they are stuck up cunts.

q: What looks like half a sandwich?
a: The other half.

q: What's the difference between Biggie Smalls and Charlie Chaplin?
a: One rocks the mic, while the other mocks the reich.

q: Have you heard about the guy who finally overcame his coprophilia?
a: He got off scat-free

q: What's the only thing in Australia that won't kill you?
a: Old Age

q: What did the businessman say to the other businessman?
a: We're both businessmen.

q: What do you call a fruit that argues against the position it supports?
a: The Devil's advocado.

q: What did the String Theorist say when his wife caught him in bed with another woman?
a: Wait, I can explain everything!

q: What's the deal with airline food?
a: Buy 2 get 1 free

q: What is the best pickup line at a gay bar?
a: Let me push your stool in for you.

q: Why were the Middle Ages called the Dark Ages?
a: Because there were too many knights.

q: Whats the Slogan for every I.T. Department in America?
a: "Mmmm. Move Over."

q: Why has the Malaysian Government banned Cheese Boards?
a: Because people keep reporting they've found de brie.

q: Would you go into the woods?
a: -Tiger Wood

q: Is your name Malaysian Airlines?
a: Cause baby, i'm lost in you.

q: What's the best insult you can say to someone?
a: "You are very disagreeable."

q: What do you call an armless obese jew?
a: Names. 

q: What does a brick and a fat girl have in common?
a: Both will eventually be laid by a Mexican.

q: What does a butler call his employer named mr. Bates?
a: Sir, you fucking pervert! 

q: Have you guys heard the secret about butter?
a: I don't want to tell you because you might spread it around... BONUS: What concert is cheaper than 50 cents to attend? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback

q: Did you know the host of the Discovery Channel's show Dirty Jobs has 2 degrees?
a: In Mike Rowe Economics and Mike Rowe Biology. 

q: What do you call a black guy whose hitch-hiking?
a: Stranded!

q: What can happen when a car breaks down?
a: A woman's car breaks down on a busy highway. She manages to ease it over to the shoulder and gets out and opens the trunk. Immediately two men clothed only in trench coats leap out and begin to open and close their coats, exposing themselves to the oncoming traffic. Pretty soon a police officer stops. "What's going on here?" the cop asks. "My car just broke down," the woman responds. "NO, I mean those two guys," the cop continues. "Oh," the woman replies, "they're just my emergency flashers."

q: How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.

q: What do you call an alcoholic Mormon?
a: An oxymormon 

q: Why was the comedian with bad-ended jokes unpopular?
a: Because everytime he told a joke people fainted in the end.

q: What is the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
a: I wouldn't pay $200 to have a lentil on my face

q: Why hasn't any lawyer ever been bitten by a shark?
a: Professional courtesy. 

q: Whats the difference between an Introverted Engineer and an Extroverted Engineer?
a: Introverted Engineer looks at His shoes when he's talking to you. Extroverted Engineer looks at Your shoes when he's talking to you.

q: A cabbage and a carrot get into a race, who wins?
a: The cabbage, it's a head

q: What do deer and women have in common?
a: The hornier, the better!

q: What's the best thing about picking up a homeless chick?
a: It doesn't matter where you drop them off.

q: What Did the Fish Say When He Swam into a Wall?
a: Damn.

q: And how would you like that cooked?
a: "I like my steak like I like my Pokemon... Rare"

q: Why didn't kids make fun of argon in high school?
a: They never got a reaction out of him.

q: What kind of environment do hobbits live in?
a: A hobbitat

q: What do you call a group of cows robbing a Skyscraper?
a: A high-steaks mission.

q: What's the #1 song in Ukraine?
a: Crimea River

q: Why are Fiat cars named as such?
a: Because they aren't really worth anything. Econ 101 humor.

q: What's the difference between OP and a brick?
a: A brick gets laid!

q: Did you hear about the locomotive that always did what it was told?
a: It was really well trained.

q: What do you call a pony mixed with a robot?
a: RoboClop....so sorry

q: What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair?
a: What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids. 

q: why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?
a: So you can cum on its face

q: Whats the number one cause of paedofilla?
a: Sexy kids.

q: Did you hear Lorain Labbobit died in a car accident last week?
a: Some dick cut her off!

q: Where does bad light go?
a: Into a prism.

q: Why do optometrists enjoy nautical jokes?
a: They have a good sense of aqueous humor.

q: What do you call two Mexicans playing volleyball?
a: Juan on Juan

q: What do you call a midget with a dildo on backwards?
a: Shrimp cocktail.

q: Why did Popeye beat up the Pope?
a: He heard he was going to Mount Olive

q: What's the difference between Mormons and non Mormons?
a: The temperature of their caffeine

q: What's the hardest thing about eating vegetables?
a: The wheelchairs!

q: What is the hardest part of twerking?
a: Being black

q: Have you ever smelled molasses?
a: How did you catch the little buggers?

q: What do you call the annual cat beauty pageant?
a: The adora-bowl.

q: Working Redditors: What is your favorite joke about your own profession?
a: Retired U.S. Air Force here and this is my favorite military joke:   The biggest difference between the branches of the U.S. Armed Forces is that if you give the order to      I slept for 8 hours and came back to some pretty good jokes; It looks like people in movies/theater came out swinging but now it is 2 AM and the computer geeks are a-flocking.  Keep it up!

q: Know any good jokes about running?
a: I need a muse for an art project I'm doing.  Also who doesn't love terrible jokes/puns. Looking for things like refrigerator/nose running, but other objects.

q: A joke from Pakistan: What did the ant whisper into the elephant's ear that made the elephant faint?
a: "I'm going to be the mother of your children." I have no idea whether the joke is lost in translation...

q: What's the best part of an asynchronous dog?
a: It's non barking! Hopefully some software people get this one

q: Why was the blond late on her first day of work?
a: Because she stopped taking the pill about a month earlier.

q: (not sure if repost) What do you call a black man that drives an airplane?
a: A fucking pilot you racist!

q: Why are jalapeos so annoying?
a: Because they get jalapeo business.

q: You know what they say about assumptions, right?
a: They say that they are generally wrong.

q: What did the constipated maths teacher do when he got stuck?
a: got a pencil and worked it out.

q: What's the most sensitive part on a female dinosaur?
a: Her clitosaurus...

q: What language do pirates speak?
a: Arrrrrrabic! A friend and I were extremely high and he thought of this.Good times. 

q: Why shouldn't you enter into a contract with Wolverine?
a: Because of his retractable clause.

q: What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination?
a: HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYE.

q: What happens when you throw a black rock into the Red Sea?
a: I originally thought that the black rock gets wet, but it was brought to my attention that the Red Sea is in the middle east, so it prob'ly starts a holy war!

q: What is the difference between a bus station filled with elderly and a crab with boobs?
a: One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean

q: What is Santa's favorite music?
a: Wrap!  (I came up with this when i was 8.)

q: What's Brown and sticky?
a: A stick

q: What kind of food do the cool fish eat when they study math?
a: Algae bru

q: What do you get if you squash a house?
a: A flat.

q: How does Popeye lube up his dick?
a: Sticks it in Olive Oyl.

q: Why can't you differentiate liberal arts majors?
a: They have no function.

q: You ever made love to a man?
a: You want to?

q: What did the kidney say to the other kidney when it failed?
a: Urine trouble now.

q: What is invisible and smells like carrots?
a: Rabbit farts

q: Why do black people like fried chicken?
a: Because its delicious.

q: Did you hear about the Mexican killer that owned trains?
a: He had loco-motives

q: Why did the rockstar turkey get kicked out of the concert?
a: Because he tryptophan.

q: When is the best time to play racquet sports?
a: Ten-ish.

q: Three really fat girls were cramped under one umbrella. Why didn't any of them get wet?
a: It wasn't raining.

q: What's the greatest symbol of inequality?
a: 

q: Why did the blonde quit using the pill?
a: Because it kept falling out.

q: What would the gay guy's version of 50 shades of grey be?
a: 50 shades of heeeeey.

q: Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions?
a: I do.

q: What's the difference between an egg and a wank?
a: You can beat an egg.

q: Q: Is it safe if penis is kept in the vagina when sleeping?
a: A: Usually when the penis returns to flaccid state, it will slide out of the vagina. Even if does not, be rest assured the vagina will not have it for breakfast.

q: Why is your mother like the universe?
a: They both create gravity waves when they bang.

q: What do you call an Irishman who bounces off things?
a: Rick O'Shea

q: Why is the number 8 the only number that goes to heaven?
a: When it dies it becomes immortal. 

q: What's the difference between shame and pride?
a: It depends on where I draw the line.

q: Did you guys hear about the murderer who stole a train in Mexico?
a: They say he had a loco motive.

q: What's in an Irish 7 course meal?
a: A 6 pack and a potato.

q: Did you know that all Bicyclists are colorblind?
a: Cause they can't tell Green from Red!

q: Why did the Crimean run across the Street?
a: Because he was Russian

q: Why couldn't the candle get any sleep?
a: Because there's no rest for the wicked. 

q: Would you like a bag with that?
a: Would you like a bag with that? Would you like a bag with that? Would you like a bag with that? I know now it isn't really the most efficient way to sell tea!

q: How do you enter an Egyptian's tomb?
a: Tut-an-kham-en 

q: How much penis?
a: Soooo much penis.

q: What did Obama say to Congress when they vetoed Obama Care?
a: My god, you're all insane. Am I the only one Hussein?

q: Do you know what they feed you at Guantanamo Bay?
a: Well after being there for 30 years, neither do I!

q: Why do you never see any ancient Central American civilizations anymore?
a: They're all M.I.A.    

q: Why do cowboys prefer wienie dogs?
a: So they can get a long little doggie.

q: Why do Russian police officers always work in groups of three?
a: One of them can read, and one of them can write. The third one is there to keep an eye on the two intellectuals. 

q: 2 potatoes standing on the side of the road. How can you tell which one is the hooker?
a: The one wearing the sack that reads IDAHO

q: How many climate change deniers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: What are you talking about? The bulb is fine.

q: Whats the difference between your mom and your dad?
a: Your dad didnt cry when I fucked him in the ass.

q: How can you tell if a duck has soul?
a: If it's bill withers!

q: What kind of a friar loves philosophy?
a: A deep friar.

q: What's the difference between a male and female chocolate Easter bunny?
a: About a quarter inch of chocolate

q: What do you call an orang-utan which has been in the sun for too long?
a: An OranguTAN! 

q: Why did Liberace like playing the piano?
a: Because he sucked on the organ.

q: What do you call an Egyptian with a gastrological disorder?
a: Toot Uncommon. 

q: how do you make a conedian and a coke dealer hate you?
a: Steal their lines 

q: What do you call an Aztec Mayan snake god tied in a knot?
a: Pretzalcoatl

q: what do you call a gay drive by?
a: A fruit roll-up

q: How many potatoe does it take to kill a Latvian?
a: none (inspired by   )

q: What type of tree doesn't remove active torrents?
a: A   tree.

q: What do you call a dance party in Colorado?
a: Shake 'n Bake.

q: How many terrorist jokes are there out there?
a: You'll have to c-4 yourself.

q: Why did the pig break up with her boyfriend?
a: He was a boar.

q: What would you call Hitler if he had a child?
a: A DILF

q: What's the biggest advantage of being a smoker?
a: Not having to set aside money for your old age.

q: How can you tell if a redditor is a pedophile?
a: When you make an ELI5 post, you end up receiving a dick pic.

q: What do you call a group of rioters attacking a music store?
a: Luters 

q: Who is this Rorschach guy???
a: And why did he paint so many pictures of my parents fighting? -Rob DenBleyker

q: Why did the archaeologist go bankrupt?
a: Because his career was in ruins

q: Why do prison guards use Proactive?
a: To prevent further breakouts.

q: What do you do when you get to the top of the world's tallest mountain?
a: Have a rest. (Everest, get it?) Really awful joke, but I thought of it last night and was wondering if anyone recognised it? Who knows, it might be original....

q: Did you hear about the recently unemployed electrician?
a: Apparently he's now ohm-less.

q: What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed?
a: Nothing.

q: Texan: So where you from?
a: Harvard graduate: The kind of place where we don't end our sentences with prepositions. Texan: Where you from jackass?

q: You know who the most popular guy at a nudist colony is?
a: The one who can walk with 2 cups of coffee and a dozen donuts.

q: Why was "C" afraid of the rest of the alphabet?
a: Because they were "Nazis"!!!! eyyyyy :D

q: Did you hear about the guy who used 20% of his right not to incriminate himself?
a: He plead the Fifth!

q: Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland?
a: They couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin. 

q: Why doesnt Justin Bieber shop at Modells?
a: He loves Dicks

q: How do you find the blind guy at a nudist colony?
a: It ain't hard.

q: How do you install "blackout curtains"?
a: They just get hammered. 

q: What's the difference between a redditor and a dead baby?
a: The redditor never gets gold

q: Have you heard about the corduroy pillows?
a: They're making head lines.

q: Why did the midget get kicked out of the nudist colony?
a: He kept getting in everyone's hair.

q: Did you hear about the joke about the broken pencil?
a: Well, there-- Nevermind, it's pointless.

q: What do clouds wear under their pants?
a: Thunderwear!

q: What did the clock do after the good meal?
a: He went back four seconds.

q: Did ya hear about the Mexican who kept washing his dog?
a: They were spic and spaniel

q: How many graduate students does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one, but it takes nine years. 

q: Why didn't the Jewish Boy Scout come home?
a: He went to the wrong camp. Bonus: I'm a Jewish Boy Scout

q: Why do Indians get cremated at very religious places?
a: Because they all have a "Vera Nice Sea". (Say it out loud)

q: Do old people wear boxers or briefs?
a: Depends.

q: What do you get when you inject human DNA into a goat?
a: Kicked out of the petting zoo.

q: What are some good fruit jokes?
a: My friend is doing a video project for school and needs fruit jokes.

q: Why could the crab not find a pair of shoes in his size?
a: Child labor laws forced all the shoe factories to shut down.

q: Why don't the French enjoy travelling to Northern Ireland?
a: Because they don't like the smell of Derry air.

q: Do you know what my favorite Jews are?
a: Apple.

q: How do people usually feel after touching an electric fence?
a: Shocked.

q: What does Snoop Dogg do when he forgets to put on oven mitts?
a: He drops it like it's hot.

q: What do you call a man without a beard?
a: A woman.

q: What's gray and comes in quarts?
a: An elephant. 

q: How many homophones does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Nun.

q: How do you titilate an ocelot?
a: You oscillate its tit a lot.

q: You know who's a real motherfucker?
a: Oedipus

q: How do you cut off a redneck's dick?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw

q: What do you call a retard who is super high?
a: a baked potato lol xD

q: Did you hear about the epileptic snake?
a: It had a hissy fit.

q: Why is the alcoholic law student sad?
a: Because he couldn't pass the bar.

q: What do you call a woman with a very round head?
a: Sophia. (sphere) it works best spoken

q: What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones?
a: Trombones.

q: How do you kill an Argentinian?
a: Take him to the top of his ego and throw him off.

q: What do you call a punk band that knows how to play their instruments?
a: A metal band

q: Where in Eastern Europe does Justin Timberlake like to kayaking?
a: Crimea River

q: What did the chicken say after it's wings caught on fire?
a: "Damn, I sure got some hot wings!"

q: Why are there no Motown artists from North Korea?
a: Because they have no Seoul.

q: What do you call a parrot wearing a raincoat?
a: Polyunsaturated

q: What does a moped and a fat lady have in common?
a: They're both a great ride until someone sees you on one.

q: How many prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but she charges me extra for weird stuff

q: How do you get the guitar player off of your porch?
a: Pay for the pizza.

q: Why didn't Karl Marx like Earl Grey tea?
a: Because all proper tea is theft.

q: Why is Tina Fey so good with her use of irony?
a: It's in the name...

q: What's the difference between a jazz guitarist and a rock guitarist?
a: A rock guitarist plays 10 chords for 50,000 people, and a jazz guitarist plays 50,000 chords for 10 people.

q: What happened when the USS Enterprise got a new toilet?
a: William Shatner

q: What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: Whats a pirates favourite kind of wood??
a: Seeder

q: What do you call someone who hangs around with musicians?
a: a drummer ...

q: Have you heard the joke about the pencil?
a: It's not really worth it, it doesn't have a point.

q: Why was the electrolytic solution taken to court?
a: It was charged with a salt.

q: What do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby?
a: Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.

q: What's the difference between your mom and a condom?
a: A condom wasn't on my dick last night!

q: How does Yo-Yo Ma answer the phone?
a: Cello?

q: Which year is the most popular?
a: 1969

q: What do you call a black guy who can fly a plane?
a: A pilot; what else would you call him? You racist prick!

q: Whats worse than eating 10 oysters out of your girlfriends vagina?
a: Realising you only put 9 in

q: how do you know when a computer geek likes you?
a: he looks at your feet instead of his own... 

q: How do hobbit flowers grow?
a: Through Frodo-synthesis.

q: How do you get down from a horse?
a: You don't. You get down from a duck. 

q: What is the collective term for rams crossed with llamas who work as Avon representatives??
a: Rama llama ding dongs

q: How do you get rid of an itch?
a: Start from scratch.

q: Did you hear about the hamster who died?
a: He fell asleep at the wheel

q: Why are camels referred to as "the ships of the desert" ?
a: They are full of Iranian seman

q: What did the slut's left leg say to the slut's right leg?
a: Nothing. They've never met.

q: What's the best way to make pants last?
a: Make the jacket first.

q: What do you call cartoon duck sausage?
a: Huey Louie Andouille.

q: What does a fashionable dog do when it gets tired?
a: Pants.

q: Why couldn't the baby Jesus be born in Montana?
a: They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin!

q: What does IRE-1 say to XBP1 mRNA?
a: Prepare to get RIDD of your intron.

q: Where did Putin tell the protesters where to meet?
a: Crimea River

q: What's the difference between "ooo" and "ahhhh"?
a: About 3 inches.

q: What is tangled rope in space called?
a: Astro-knot 

q: What is the difference between a whore and a bitch?
a: A whore will have sex with anybody, a bitch will have sex with anybody except you.

q: How are Polish Girls like Hockey Players?
a: They both change pads after 3 periods

q: Prior to officially becoming a part of the United States, what was Oregon like?
a: It was very unOregonized.

q: What do you call a Mexican at the bottom of the ocean?
a: Pollution. What do you call every Mexican at the bottom of the ocean? Solution.

q: [OC] What type of music do Irish people listen to?
a: Pubstep

q: Did you hear about the terrorists who hijacked a plane of lawyers?
a: They threatened to release one every hour til their demands were met.

q: What did a confused Mexican alphabet say?
a: K

q: Why do sumo-wrestlers shave their legs?
a: So they don't get mistaken for feminists.

q: What do you call a pig with no legs?
a: A groundhog

q: Why did the fisherman want to go fishing in Alaska?
a: Just for the halibut.

q: Can we make it a rule not to put anything after the punchline?
a: Seriously,  it ruins the joke every time without fail.

q: What do you call a religious owl?
a: A bird of pray.

q: What do you call a canadian enchilada?
a: A centimeter-alada

q: Did you hear that the World Hokey Pokey Champion has died?
a: At the undertakers, they were putting him into the coffin. They got his left leg in. That's when the trouble started...

q: Where animal does Russian milk come from?
a: moscows

q: What is the difference between a woman and a fridge?
a: A fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.

q: Wat did the romans say when they put jesus on the cross?
a: "Nailed It"

q: Who wants to hear an awesome knock knock joke?
a: Okay, you start.

q: What's another name for the Periodic Table of elements?
a: The atoms family.  

q: Why does a chicken coop always have two doors?
a: Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.

q: What do you call a Filipino contortionist?
a: A manila folder!!!

q: Why doesn't Mexico have an olympic team?
a: Because everyone who could jump, run, and swim have already crossed the border.

q: Why do we call lady parts beavers?
a: Because they devour wood.

q: What do you call a Hawaiian with a cold?
a: A Polysneezin.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal that only ate beans?
a: Human Beans.

q: Why did the man quit his job at the bakery?
a: He didn't knead any more dough.

q: What do you call a fat Chinese man?
a: A chunk.

q: Where's the most racist place to focus one's thoughts?
a: Inward

q: How do you catch a unique horse?
a: Unique up on it.

q: Why couldn't the alcoholic become a lawyer?
a: He just couldn't pass the bar.

q: Why do Eskimos wash their clothes in Tide?
a: Because it's too cold outtide

q: How does god receive prayers?
a: knee-mail

q: What US State has the smallest soft drinks?
a: Mini-Soda (Minnesota) Such a bad joke... :/

q: What did Naruto say at his mentor'a funeral?
a: Bereave it. 

q: What's a baker's favorite part of Manhattan?
a: The Lower Yeast Side.

q: What's the difference between ironman and ironwoman?
a: One is a superhero and the other is a simple command.

q: What has 12 breasts and 24 teeth?
a: The night shift at Waffle House.

q: What do you get when you put an idiot's brain in a female golden retriever?
a: A dumb blonde bitch.

q: What's black and white and black and white and black and white and green?
a: A skunk rolling down a hill with a pickle in its mouth.

q: What happens when you take the tea away from your guest?
a: He's left there trying to "guess" what happened.

q: Why couldn't the American fly home from Russia after the Olympics?
a: Because he was Snow'den.

q: What is Jesus' favorite mathematical operation?
a: The Cross Product

q: How do you split Rome in half?
a: You use a pair of caesars.

q: What did the mushroom say to the chef?
a: Don't eat me! I'm a fun guy!

q: What's the best part about dating a homeless chick ?
a: You can drop her off anywhere

q: What kind of bees eat brains?
a: Zombees

q: What's the best part about having sex with a tranny?
a: Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through. 

q: What do you call it when a Sith goes to a Galleria?
a: Darth Mall.

q: [OC] What's Elton John's favorite kind of conditioner?
a: Levon.

q: What's the difference between lust, love, and just plain showing off?
a: Spitting, Swallowing,  and gargling.

q: Why dont bicycles pedal backwards???
a: Because than it would be REcycling

q: An Italian and a black jump out of a tree. Who lands first?
a: The Italian. The black is tied to the tree.

q: Why are all updates to Apple stuff piratical?
a: Because they all involve iPatches. 

q: Why did the 2 stem cell researchers get a divorce?
a: Because they grew a part.

q: Why did the Death Star hire a lot of football players from Thailand?
a: Because they needed more Thai Interceptors!

q: What goes "quick, quick"?
a: Duck in a hurry. (c) beatattitude 2014

q: Did you guys hear about the man with the wooden leg named Smith?
a: I don't think he named is other leg...

q: What do you get when you drop a Hawaiian pizza?
a: Pearl Harbor pizza.

q: Have you heard about the condition that causes your penis to ejaculate when submerged in water?
a: It comes in waves.

q: What do you call a homesick Asian?
a: Disoriented

q: How do you confuse a palaeontologist?
a: Give them a used tampon and ask what period it's from. 

q: What do reddit and Playboy magazine have in common?
a: No one actually reads the articles.

q: Did you hear about the boy born without eyelids?
a: The doctors said they could give the boy eyelids made out of his foreskin. The only problem is that he would be a little cockeyed.

q: What is better than getting a gold medal at the paralympics?
a: Having legs.

q: What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath?
a: Men toes.

q: Why was Samuel L. Jackson picking up ladies outside of the abortion clinic?
a: Because he's a bad mother fucker.

q: Why don't southern belles go to orgies any more?
a: Too many thank you notes to write

q: How do you make a redditor impatient?
a: loading...

q: What starts with E, ends with E, and only has one letter in it?
a: An envelope! 

q: How do you know you've satisfied a redhead?
a: She unlocks the handcuffs. Edit: for everyone that isn't getting it, it means kinky sex

q: What do gay horses eat??
a: Haaaayyyy!!

q: why do black people only have nightmares?
a: the only one ever to have a dream was shot.

q: how does rex reclaim make his music?
a: he composts it

q: What is a nudist's favourite alcoholic drink?
a: A daiquiri.

q: What do rednecks call the BATF?
a: The Bureau of All Things Fine.

q: Which pizza shop's business is like it's name?
a: Dominoes. Falling one at a time.

q: What do you call someone who discriminates against certain groups of rappers?
a: A rapist.

q: Why did the numbers 25, 36, and 49 go to the dentist?
a: For a square root canal

q: how are high schoolers similar to women?
a: they're always asking "when will this period be over?"

q: What do rodents with an inclination towards mathematics use for their auctioning needs?
a: thepiratebay

q: What do you call it when Shatner takes a shit?
a: Tek War

q: What's the difference between you and a bucket of shit?
a: The bucket.

q: Hey, which is the best/funniest stand up comedy you've ever listened to?
a: I was watching Dave Chappelle's For What It's Worth yesterday and honestly I'm not a stand up comedy guy but this shit was real bruh! For the part I watched it was funny as hell. This is probably the fourth I've watched following Kevin Hart's main stand ups. Do you have any that is way better than this for us redditers? P.S - I hope this is the right subreddit if not :p 

q: How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
a: I don't know. It kept breaking my guitar strings so I gave up.

q: whats a similarity between colorado and saudi arabia?
a: It's legal to get stoned 

q: What's the difference between an introverted scientist and an extroverted scientist?
a: An extroverted scientist will stare at YOUR feet.

q: Do you know what happens when you don't pay your exorcist?
a: You get repossessed.

q: What did one termite say to another in a burning building?
a: "Barbecue tonight!"

q: What's the name of NASA's launch button?
a: The "Space Bar"

q: What's Fuzzy, Smokes, and Comes in Cubes?
a: Fidel Castro.

q: What is green and eats nuts?
a: Syphilis

q: Did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her car?
a: She burned her mouth on the exhaust.

q: Whats black on top but white on bottom?
a: Rape. 

q: What does a mexican Highlander say?
a: "THERE CAN BE ONLY JUAN!"

q: Why don't Muslims fill out online forms?
a: Because they refuse to Submit to anyone but Allah.

q: What kind of baby appears when an Eskimo and a Japanese person have sex?
a: Ugg Li

q: What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common?
a: What do a prison and a concentration camp have in common?  In both people don't feel like showering.

q: What's the difference between Det. Rust Cohle and a psychopath?
a: Psychopaths are fun at parties. 

q: What do you call re-arranging the layout of your network?
a: LANscaping.

q: What's the worst STD you can get from a black man?
a: Pregnancy.

q: Why does America have so many boasting Republicans?
a: Because it needs some bragging rights.

q: What's the definition of a woman?
a: Life support for a cunt.

q: What sort of crime is it if a neckbeard commits murder?
a: A fedoral offense.

q: What do hemophiliacs and virgins have in common?
a: One prick...and it's all over.

q: Why do Gypsy's walk funny?
a: Because of their Crystal Balls EDIT: I'm not sure if anyone's posted this before my mum's sister emailed her from across the globe.(New Zealand) I laughed so hard I thought I'd put it here. Credit goes to my Mum's sister though. 

q: What's the difference between a penis and a red light?
a: My girlfriend won't blow a red light.

q: What did the bear do to be labeled a hipster?
a: He hibernated in the summer. 

q: What do you call a high definition piss?
a: 1080 Pee -- My roommate

q: What do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question?
a: ...

q: What's your favorite city in Thailand?
a: Phuket, I don't know...

q: Why'd Sally fall off the swing?
a: Because she had no arms.    Knock Knock, who's there?  Not Sally.

q: What do you call a math teacher who's really into BDSM?
a: A denominatrix.

q: How do the Chinese pick a name for their child?
a: They throw a spoon down the stairs

q: What's Captain Picard's favorite game system?
a: N-Gage

q: What did the ambitious suicidal person say?
a: I'm going to kill myself, or die trying.

q: How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make?
a: Just the tips.

q: Did you here that Lorena Bobbitt got killed in a car accident?
a: Yeah, some dick cut her off.

q: What was the last thing that Columbus said to his sailors before getting on the ship?
a: "Okay men, get on the ship."

q: What is Viagra for lesbians called?
a: Batteries

q: What's the dirtiest or sexiest joke you have ever heard?
a: Not the dirtiest but I laughed. Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms, so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny, I dreamed I was skiing!"

q: How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just two.  It only requires that either the people are very small or the light bulb is very large.

q: Ever heard of the band called 1023 Megabites?
a: Of course not, they haven't had any gigs yet. 

q: Why do proctologists like Facebook?
a: It's another chance to look up old friends.

q: What's the only thing better than Roses on a Piano?
a: Answer: Tulips on an Organ.

q: What did Cinderella say when she reached the ball?
a: Nothing, she just made gagging noises

q: How do you make a patty melt?
a: Give Marcie a strap-on.

q: What kind of dog can jump higher than a building?
a: Any kind, buildings can't jump.

q: Did you hear about the drummer who fell and hit his head?
a: He was percussed. 

q: What's the difference between the lavatory and the cemetery?
a: No difference - when you gotta go, you gotta go!

q: What's the difference between a tribe of wild hunting pygmies and a Women's roller derby team?
a: The Pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts. 

q: Why did two ferrets decide to meet?
a: They were trying to start a business.

q: What's the difference between Ann Coulter and shooting arrows at lovers?
a: Shooting arrows at lovers is a Cupid stunt.

q: What do a wedding and a funeral have in common?
a: At the end of the day, a stiff gets buried either way.

q: What do Nagasaki and Tehran have in common???
a: Nothing... yet.

q: Why shouldn't you use red, white, and blue paint in a watercolor?
a: Because these colors don't run

q: How do you know a vocalist is at your door?
a: She can't find the key and doesn't know where to come in.

q: What's your favorite pirate joke?
a: Friend has an eyepatch on for some reason or another and I'm running out of decent jokes.

q: What is loud and sounds like "apple"?
a: (scream) APPLE!!!

q: Why couldn't the philosopher make a living?
a: He made no sense. I tried, I really did.

q: Whats the new French flag look like?
a: A white cross emblazoned on a white background!

q: How do you know if someone is Puerto Rican?
a: They tell you.

q: Why is James Bond's favourite bartender played by Michael J Fox?
a: He doesn't need to tell him to shake the martini. 

q: What rock group has four guys and no singers?
a: Mt. Rushmore! Happy presidents day! 

q: How do you know a drummer is at your door?
a: The knock speeds up. 

q: Why was the attorney kicked out of choir?
a: All she could sing was, "Law, law, law, law, law, law, law."

q: What do you call a person who delivers Indian food?
a: Currier.

q: Have you seen my LSD?
a: No but have you seen the Dragon in the kitchen?

q: What do you call a pretty lady on the arm of a drummer?
a: A Tattoo. 

q: Why do woman have legs?
a: So their feet don't smell like pussy.

q: What happened when the orange slept with the dirty lemon?
a: He got lemonaids.

q: What do you call a bat in a hurry?
a: A racing club

q: What do you call it when someone comes to your house and takes all your pottery?
a: Home Depot.

q: How are synagogues like lemons?
a: They're full of acidic juice.

q: What's the difference between an introverted mathematician and an extroverted mathematician?
a: The extrovert looks at the other person's shoes.

q: How did Einstein prove you can break the law of relativity?
a: He married his cousin.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was arrested for indecent jurisprudence?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: What did little no armed Jimmy get for Christmas?
a: Gloves! Haha I'm joking. He hasn't opened it yet.

q: What did the black kid get on his SAT?
a: Barbecue sauce

q: Did anyone see Bob Costas' double pink eye while watching the Olympics?
a: I heard he got it from Putin.

q: What's the best thing about owning a car in Liverpool?
a: You'll eventually end up with enough bricks to build a free garage.

q: Why does it take 2 feminists to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One to screw in the lightbulb and one to give me a blow job while I supervise. 

q: Why are divers always so nervous?
a: Because they're always under pressure!

q: Have you heard the new Google Glass ad?
a: You can talk to your mate while they are sitting on you face!

q: How many X does it take to lightbulb?
a: Karma?

q: What is love?
a: Baby don't hurt me.

q: What do you call a dim witted hooker?
a: A slow poke. 

q: Why didn't Edward leave his house?
a: Because he was Snowden.

q: How many bass players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. Five. One. 

q: How many guitar players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 2 . One to screw it in and another to say, "I could do that".

q: Whats the difference between a lawyer and a trampoline?
a: You take your shoes off to jump on the trampoline.

q: How many programmers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. We don't address hardware issues.

q: Anybody know where I can get a Game of Thrones Valentine's day card?
a: It's for my sister. 

q: Q. What's pink and fluffy?
a: A. Pink fluff. Q. What's blue and fluffy? A. Pink fluff holding its breath Q. What's green and fluffy? A. Moss.

q: What do you get when you cross an agnostic, an insomniac, and a dyslexic?
a: Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: What did the evergreen tree say to it's love interest?
a: "Oh, how I pine for you!"

q: What's the hardest part about nailing a baby to a tree?
a: My penis.

q: What do you call a small petition?
a: Petite (Basin Tss)

q: What does an octopus have ten of?
a: Tickles...

q: What was the code to hitler's secret bunker?
a: NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN!

q: How do you know a redneck invented the tooth brush?
a: We would have called it a teeth brush

q: What do you call a sextape with a 60 year-old man in it?
a: Flappy Bird.      

q: (Q)....... What do fat women & mopeds have in common?
a: (A)........ They're both fun to ride until your friends find out.

q: How do you make a dog say meow?
a: How do you make a dog say meow? Put it in the freezer, then get a chainsaw and cut it. MEEEEEEEOOOWWW!!

q: What do you call an infinite series with a finite result that has never had sex?
a: Convirgin.

q: Where do you get virgin wool from?
a: Ugly sheep.

q: Q: What do you call a drunken Muslim?
a: A: Mohammered.

q: what has 150 legs and 7 teeth?
a: the front row to a Willie Nelson concert

q: What do riding a bike and playing basketball have in common?
a: If you're not careful, you can pop a ball.

q: What's better than winning a silver medal at the Special Olympics?
a: Not being retarded

q: Why do Jewish men watch porno's backwards?
a: That way they can see the hooker give the money back.

q: Birth Control?
a: Don't kid yourself.

q: What do you call funny laboratory equipment?
a: A comical flask.

q: What starts with E, ends with E and has only one letter?
a: An envelope!

q: How does Darts Vader eat spaghetti?
a: With the force and knife.

q: Did you hear about the guy who is both a taxidermist and veterinarian?
a: He has a sign on the door that says "Either way, you get your dog back."

q: Why are boxers never late to their fights?
a: Because they have developed very good punch quality.

q: What breed of dog loves to take a bath?
a: A shampoodle

q: How did michael hutchence take his drugs?
a: Inxs

q: What is the bass players preferred method of contraception?
a: His personality.

q: What's worse than locking your keys in you car outside an abortion clinic?
a: Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger

q: How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert?
a: During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes. 

q: What did Jupiter say to Saturn when he found out Saturn was pregnant?
a: Did you planet?

q: What is the Speed of Darkness?
a: ... ... Batman!

q: How do you tell if someone's balls are sensitive?
a: Give them a test-tickle

q: What are the three worst words to hear while you are having sex?
a: Honey, I'm home!

q: Why do drug dealers hate prostitutes?
a: Because prostitutes can wash their crack and sell it again.

q: What sound does a fratboy make when he hits the water?
a: DOUCHE

q: What did the Mexican detective say in England?
a: I'm like Sherlock, holmes.

q: Why did the suicide bomber explode on the train?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What's that smell?
a: What did one snowman say to the other snowman?                                                                                     Hey, do you smell carrots?

q: What has two legs and looks like a spider?
a: A spider. (They have two legs and an additional six legs also)

q: What does the rude barista say to the customer in a coffee shop?
a: I cant decide whether you are a fruitcake or a doughnut! 

q: Why don't you see any slow black people?
a: They're all in jail.

q: How do you know if a girl is dating a vampire?
a: They only wanna go down on her once a month

q: what's the healthiest thing about eating a wheelchair?
a: The vegetable.

q: What's the plural form of the word "anecdote"?
a: Data

q: What do Coors Light and sex on the beach have in common?
a: They're both fucking close to water.  (credit goes to my dad for this one...)

q: What did Euler find in his toilet?
a: A natural log

q: Why are their no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre?
a: Because the punchline is to long

q: What did the gay guy, say to the man at the bar?
a: Can I push your stool in?

q: What did the priest get at Toys R Us?
a: An erection.

q: Have you read the book about the guy who can only ejaculate a virus?
a: It's a classic coming-a-phage story.

q: How can you tell which Russian olympic spectators are actually KGB agents?
a: The ones with food.

q: Why was 6 afraid of 7.938?
a: It was being irrational.

q: Why couldn't the Great Ape tell a story?
a: Because he doesn't have a tail.

q: What is the most affectionate type of chicken?
a: The tender ones (Badum Tss)

q: What do you call the sweat between two people having sex in Arkansas?
a: Relative Humidity

q: What is a trailer park's favorite game?
a: Twister

q: How do you get money out of a piggy bank?
a: Feed it laxatives.

q: So, it's now officially a week after the Super Bowl, can we please stop with the Super Bowl jokes?
a: They're going right over my head.

q: What did the network engineer give to his fiance?
a: A token ring.

q: Got a pen?
a: I was in a pub in far Western Queensland last Saturday night, when this really brutally ugly girl came up to me, squeezed my arse and said, "Give me your number, sexy." I replied "Have you got a pen?" She smiled and said "Yes." I replied, "Well you better get back to it, before the farmer notices you're missing." 

q: Why was the blonde fired from the M&M factory?
a: She threw out all the W's.

q: What does a masturbating Latvian sound like?
a: One potato two potato three potato splat! 

q: What do you find between Godzilla's toes?
a: Slow runners. 

q: What do you call a sad robot?
a: A woebot. :(

q: What do you get when you throw a piano down a mine shaft?
a: A flat minor.

q: What's the difference between a lawnmower and a hooker?
a: When I'm choking the lawnmower, I don't stick my dick in it.

q: Rib jokes?
a: My mom just broke one of her ribs shoveling snow. (Really mom? You're 60 years old, with a snowblower, with a husband who was literally 10 minutes away from coming home) Anyway, does anyone have any good jokes involving ribs? I know the Adam/Eve ones...any others? 

q: What does a sperm and a politician have in common?
a: They both have a one in 100 million chance of being human.

q: (OC) What do the cops do when they get a fly infestation?
a: Call in the swat team!

q: what did the doe say when she came out of the woods?
a: I'm never doing THAT for two bucks again. 

q: Why did the yoga pants come in last place?
a: They were bringing up the rear.

q: What do you call a Pirate who lost his anchor?
a: "can't anchor us"  /bow..  this is as clever as i get, people..   so sorry.

q: How do we know that slaves went to college?
a: They all had masters

q: Ever heard of a game called Polish Roulette?
a: It's like Russian Roulette except all the chambers are loaded. edit: "chambers," not "barrels"

q: Did you hear the one about the old man at the doctor?
a: Man: I can't pee, doc! Doctor: How old are you? Man: I'm 90 years old. Doctor: Oh, you've peed enough! Heard this one in a bathroom at Walmart.

q: Why did the blonde have a red sore on her belly button?
a: Because blonde men are idiots too.

q: What did the pink panther have all over his house after he fumigated for insects?
a: dead ants... dead ants... dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead ants, dead aaaaantsss 

q: What animal brings the most boys to the yard?
a: The 

q: Just thought this one up: What do Jay Leno and Payton Manning have in common?
a: They both know when it's time to turn things over.

q: How does a blond cross the road?
a: A brunette is on a busy street across from a department store she needs to visit, and is looking for an intersection to cross over when she spots a blonde walking out of the store. The brunette waves and calls out over the traffic noise, "hey there! How do I get to the other side?" The blonde looks confused and calls back, "you ARE on the other side!" 

q: Why are cowboy hats curled up on the sides?
a: Cowboys can sit three abreast in the front seat of a pickup truck that way.

q: What do Abraham Lincoln and Peyton Manning have in common?
a: Neither can finish a play.

q: Best place to hide stuff?
a: Page two in Google search results!

q: What do you call a cat eating a girl out?
a: Cannibalism

q: What's better than kiddie porno?
a: Adult porno. Kiddie porn is gross, you sick fuck!

q: How do single people honor valentine's day?
a: By Celibating!

q: What was Philip Seymour Hoffman's favorite album this year?
a: Pure Heroine by Lorde.

q: What do you call a man with a small penis?
a: Justin

q: What's a pirates favorite thing to knit?
a: Scaaaaaarrves

q: Testicular cancer joke?
a: Testicular Cancer Society: Hi there, did you receive our email? Me: No... why? Testicular Cancer Society: Maybe you should check your junk.

q: Grandpa, why did you have so many kids?
a: "Hey anon, do you want to know why your grandmother and I had so many children?" "Why's that, Grandpa?" "No TV."

q: What did everyone do after the Super Bowl was over?
a: Watch the second half.

q: Why doesn't Mike Tyson play the Playstation?
a: Because he's an Xboxer.

q: How many SRSers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They wait for the electrician to make a mistake and yell at them for doing it wrong.

q: what do you call a cow with two legs?
a: Lean meat!!

q: What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer?
a: Vladimir Putting

q: Why did the golfer take a spare pair of trousers with him?
a: Incase he got a hole in one!

q: What do you call the guy you buy your weed from?
a: Your chron-tact.

q: Can you tell me a dirty joke?
a: I want to be more outgoing.

q: what did the ranch say to the refrigerator?
a: close the door, I'm dressing!

q: Why was Bob Marley fired from being a tennis announcer?
a: Because he kept calling "One Love"

q: Why do vegetarian chefs type with their feet?
a: Because they have great toe fu. 

q: What do you call a gay man milking a cow?
a: A Dairy Queen.

q: What do the weather man and every other man have in common?
a: They say it's going to be 10 inches, then end up only being 4 to 6.

q: How many heroin addicts does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Four. One to hold the lightbulb and three to smoke until the room starts spinning!

q: How many cats?
a: One.

q: What do dwarves use to cut their pizza?
a: Little Caesars 

q: Stunt pilot?
a: My friend Andrew met a girl in the pub last night, and they ended up going home together. Tonight the girl walks into a supermarket and on her way round she sees Andrew...He was stacking washing powder boxes onto the shelves. "Andrew you lying bastard" she yells "last night you told me you were a stunt pilot!" "No" he says "I told you I was a member of the Ariel display team."

q: What's black, has bite marks and isn't needed any more?
a: Philip Hoffman's belt.

q: What's the first step in making Bronco cookies?
a: Beat em in a bowl for three hours.

q: Does giving birth or getting kicked in the balls hurt more?
a: It's gotta be getting kicked in the balls.  Every time a woman has a kid she starts talking about wanting to have another, but I've never heard of a man asking to get kicked in the balls again.

q: What did Peyton Manning do yesterday?
a: ...played footbal but lost and made ppl sad as fuck. joke's on the ppl cus their sad as fuck and i dont care 

q: What did the Magician say when he took some Adderall?
a: Hocus Focus

q: Did you hear about that proctologist who became an English teacher?
a: Did you hear about the proctologist who became and English teacher? He specializes in teaching analogies.

q: What's Peyton Manning's favorite hair style?
a: The blowout

q: How many pallbearers are needed at an Indian funeral?
a: 2, it only takes two people to carry a trash-can.

q: What is a chemist's favourite restaurant?
a: Rubidium's.

q: Why did the Pepsi Half-Time Show suck so much?
a: Because if it was the Coke Half-Time there would have been a hologram of Tupac or the Beetles instead of Bruno Mars.

q: What is Wilford Brimley's favorite band?
a: The Beatis. 

q: How many Broncos does it take to change a tire?
a: One. Unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up. 

q: Did you hear the one about the Seahawk who wouldn't stop talking?
a: He kept beating a dead horse.

q: What is the only olympic sport that mexicans can compete in?
a: Bordercross

q: What did the Korean girl say about anal?
a: Don't go in my thongoh

q: What's the difference between Jack Daniel's and General Custer?
a: Jack Daniel's is still killing indians.

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs floating in the ocean?
a: Bob

q: What's the difference between GOP voters and polar bears?
a: Polar bears gather around the ice hole. 

q: Heard of the cannibal who had a shit taste in people?
a: You could say he was surrounded by assholes.

q: How did the telephone propose to his girlfriend?
a: He gave her a ring. 

q: So how did you die?
a: Too long for here, read comments.

q: Why doesn't Justin Bieber shop at Sport's Authority?
a: Because he likes Dicks.

q: How does a West Virginia mother know when her daughter is on her period?
a: Her son's dick tastes funny

q: How is Halloween celebrated in Kentucky?
a: pumpkin

q: Why was the gunman on a diet?
a: Because he was still at large. 

q: Whose fault is it that California always has earthquakes?
a: San Andreas fault. 

q: Why is Chicago called the Windy City?
a: Because Indiana sucks and Wisconsin blows

q: Where do Squarells live?
a: In Geometrees. I am not embarrassed to say I made this up two weeks ago while teaching quadrilaterals. The groan from my students could be heard for miles.

q: Why is an apple a Dalek's favourite fruit?
a: Because it keeps the Doctor away!

q: What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee cord?
a: My ass. TL'DR - My ass.

q: What type of pants do Japanese people wear?
a: Nihon-jeans (Nihon-jin)

q: Why do Scottish men watch porno movies backwards?
a: Because they like the scenes where the prostitutes return the money to their clients.

q: What is it called when you throw a tin can into a recycling bin?
a: A recycling TIN!

q: Do you know why they can't make ice in Poland anymore?
a: The lady that had the recipe died.

q: Did you hear they finally published that book about clocks?
a: It's about time.

q: What did one fish say to the other?
a: Keep your mouth shut and you'll never get caught. 

q: What is the difference between paint and a midgets' underpants?
a: When you sniff paint, you get high

q: Why don't you ever eat a girl out in the morning?
a: Have you ever tried to pull apart a grilled cheese?

q: What does Mr. Miyagi do while Daniel-san waxes the car?
a: He wax off. 

q: What's a funny non-racist joke a Polish person would laugh at?
a: Just trying to make a Polish girl I like laugh

q: What does 80 year-old pussy taste like?
a: Depends...

q: What is the term for someone that gets aroused watching Star Wars?
a: They have a Bobba Fetish

q: What is a Mexicans favorite sport?
a: Cross country.

q: Cop: Is that a radar detector I see?
a: A cop pulled me over the other day for speeding. After giving me the ticket, he teases me a bit about my out of state plate and the fact that I'm driving a car that's in my Dad's name. He points to my dash and asks, "Is that a radar detector I see?" Me: I don't know. Cop: Is that a radar detector I see? Me: I don't know it's my Dad's car. It's just always been there, but it does let me know every time I pass a Krispy Kreme. He smirked, said, "Good one. Now slow down."

q: Why do they say all minorities look the same?
a: Because once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamaul.

q: What is your best lawyer joke?
a: I need some new material for the court house. 

q: Why does Marx only drink herbal tea?
a: Because property is theft.

q: How does the pope refer to his secret superhero identity?
a: It's his altar ego.

q: Why did the girl bring 2 basketballs to the basketball game?
a: Because there was 2 basketball courts. DUH!

q: Why did Scotty check all the toilets of the Starship Enterprise?
a: He was looking for the Captain's log.

q: How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb?
a: How many psychiatrists dose it take to change a light bulb? One, but the light bulb has to want to change.

q: What is it called when a guy called Justin gets justice?
a: Justinice.

q: Why are there rugs in front of the stove and the sink?
a: So women know where to stand in the kitchen. 

q: Where do men have the most curly hair?
a: In Africa

q: What does a doughnut have in common with a nut?
a: They dough nut have anything in common.

q: Why was the Hay Robber's prison sentence cut short?
a: He got out on bale.

q: How does a religious extremist convert an atheist into a holy man?
a: They use a machine gun.

q: What's the worst aspect about Calculus teachers?
a: They always go off on tangents in class.

q: What happens to garlic sauce over time?
a: The sausages.

q: What did the really dumb guy name his pet giraffe?
a: Spot.

q: Why the word redundancy when lawyers say cease and desist?
a: Billable vowels.

q: Why was Shakespeare always a good teammate to have?
a: Because no matter the sport, he would always play write 

q: Why are women so bad at being hockey goalies?
a: Because there are 3 periods and only 2 pads. 

q: How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one, but it takes three episodes.

q: What is the Pope's favorite type of woman?
a: Nun

q: Why was Simba's dad killed by the pride?
a: Because he didn't mufasa.

q: What is the difference between 69 and an ambush ?
a: With 69 you see the cunt coming at you.

q: What do you call a fake enemy?
a: A faux!

q: How do you Circumcise a whale?
a: Send down four skin divers. 

q: Why do North Korean statesmen make for bad lovers?
a: Because they won't hold a public erection.

q: What do you call a Viking pop band with a big gay following?
a: The Pillage People. 

q: Did you hear what ubisoft rated assassins creed black flag?
a: They rated it ARrrrrrrr 16. 

q: How are hanging upside-down and getting a boner alike?
a: All the blood goes to your head.

q: What happened when The Pope went to Mount Olive?
a: Popeye kicked his ass!

q: What do you call a row of 10 blondes standing ear to ear?
a: A wind tunnel.

q: what kind of biscuit can fly?
a: a PLANE biscuit

q: Why did the Tomato blush?
a: Because it saw the salad dressing.

q: What lies in a pram and wobbles?
a: A jelly baby.

q: What does your mother's face and a Pillar and have in common?
a: They're both load-bearing

q: Why was the Japanese man so careful when walking in his house?
a: It was made of pranks.

q: Why did the Trix bunny hand out eggs?
a: Chicks are for kids!

q: Have you ever had sex in the woods?
a: Its fucking in tents!

q: What type of Martial Arts does Jesus know?
a: Jiu Jitsu.

q: What happens when two girl rabbits really like each other?
a: Bunnylingus!

q: What happens if an elephant comes through your letterbox?
a: Swim for it.

q: What's white, lumpy, and extremely dangerous?
a: Shark infested mashed potatoes.

q: Is a brain dead cow a vegetable?
a: My room mate came up with this one earlier, has anyone ever heard it?

q: What do you call a white slave?
a: Whipped cream.

q: Did you hear the one...?
a: Did you hear the one about the Concubine and the Muse...? Fucking Inspirational...!!!

q: How does it feel to be a famous rock-and-roll musician?
a: Fan-fucking-tastic!

q: How do you get 4 gay guys to sit on 1 bar stool?
a: Flip it upside down.

q: What's a similarity between obese people, and my relationships with women?
a: They don't work out. 

q: Why was the mother cow mad at father cow?
a: Because she had beef with him. 

q: Did you hear about the girl that backed into an airplane propeller?
a: Disaster 

q: Did you hear about the Mexicans that robbed the train museum?
a: I don't know why they did it but they must have had a pretty 'loco' motive.

q: What's the difference between a vacuum and a Harley Davidson?
a: The position of the dirtbag

q: What do North Koreans lack that South Koreans do not?
a: North Koreans have no Seoul.

q: Are there holes in your socks?
a: No? Then how do you put them on?

q: Where's the best place to apologise to someone?
a: Surrey. 

q: Do It Yourself?
a: Two Guys are walking down the street after leaving the bar. When they look across the street and see a dog licking himself. The one guy goes to the other, "man I wish i could do that", and then his friend says, "Don't you think you should try petting him first?" 

q: What do you get when you cross an octopus and a cow?
a: A stern letter from the ethics committee and an immediate cessation of funding. *stolen from I Fucking Love Science

q: What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do?
a: He stays awake all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: How do you reply when someone on /r/askscience asks you on a date?
a: [deleted]

q: What did the Cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend?
a: Wipe his ass.

q: What do you call an Englishman with no butt?
a: An assless chap.

q: Is there a difference between men and women?
a: Yes, there is a vas deferens!

q: What's the difference between a cactus and a schoolbus?
a: Cactus has little pricks on the outside

q: Why was the cupcake so scared of the bong?
a: Because the bong threatened to get him baked.

q: What did one sick casket say to the other sick casket?
a: Is that you, coffin?

q: What do you call it when the only cow on your dairy farm won't produce milk?
a: Utter despair.

q: Why do Physicists make terrible parents?
a: They think their children are small enough to neglect! Adapted from a Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal, I forget which one.

q: what's the most impressive thing about tom cruise performing his own stunts?
a: he does it in heels

q: Why did Winnie the Pooh want to become an astronaut?
a: Because he wanted to go on a honeymoon.

q: What did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor?
a:  my ghosh 

q: What did the chinese billionaire say after buying the deer with no eyes?
a: I have no Idea.

q: What do you call a reptile...?
a: What do you call a reptile who says "But Cowardly Lion......You've had courage..... This entire....Time"?

q: What did the mailman ask his girlfriend?
a: Will you envelope with me? (I know its Corny, but it makes me chuckle.)

q: Did you hear about the man who flashed three old ladies sitting on a bench in the park?
a: First old lady had a stroke. Second old lady had a stroke. Third old lady's arm was too short to reach. 

q: Why can't two Chinese people make a white baby?
a: Because two Wongs don't make a white

q: Whats brown and sticky?
a: A stick.

q: Wana hear a knock knock joke?
a: Two guys walk into a bar...

q: What did the Melon King say to the two young melons in love?
a: They can't-elope.

q: How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They just sit in the dark and cry.

q: Why does the New York Times hire Jews?
a: So they can put out a paper on December 26th.

q: Why did Obama tap Merkel's phone?
a: To hear a smart politician.

q: Did you hear about that baby boy that was born with no eyelids?
a: The doctors actually used his foreskin from circumcision to construct his eyelids. He's OK, but just a little cock-eyed.

q: What did the Indian woman say during sex?
a: Please cum again!

q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a case of beer?
a: He's okay. It was light beer.

q: What is the difference between a blonde and a blonde dude?
a: The blonde has a higher sperm count.

q: Why was the beach wet?
a: Because the sea-weed.  

q: What do you call two crows on a park bench?
a: Attempted murder.

q: Why did the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos made it to the finals?
a: Because they want that 

q: Why did the demon get arrested?
a: Posession

q: How did the Romans split up their empire?
a: With a pair of Caesars. (Thanks  )

q: Punk rockers are unruly, what do they like most about women though?
a: Their CCCCUUUUUNNNNNTTTTT!!!

q: Why do parents send their toddlers to the army for daycare?
a: Because they're sending them to the infantry!

q: Why couldn't the lizard get a girlfriend?
a: Because he had a reptile dysfunction! 

q: What's worse than watching your brother do a double barrel roll over 15 cars on a motorbike?
a: Having to watch him do a half barrel roll over 8 of them. R.I.P. Bobby. Never forget.

q: What sound does a pinewood derby car make when you rev it?
a: Wooooooden Woooooooden Woooooden!

q: What did the bartender ask Charles Dickens when he ordered a martini?
a: Olive or Twist.

q: What did the deaf person get after having sex with a hooker?
a: Hearing AIDS.

q: Why did all the prisoners at the AT&T jail escape?
a: Because they had no bars on their cells!

q: What did the Mexican firefighter call his two sons?
a: Jos and Hose-B

q: What's the most difficult instrument for a percussionist to play?
a: a conundrum

q: Why can't you tell pun jokes to kleptomaniacs?
a: Because they always take things literally

q: How did the paramedics know Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her head and shoulders in the glove box

q: What is Zoolander's least favourite sport?
a: Nascar If you can even call it a sport.

q: What do you say to a woman with a black eye?
a: Nothing. She's already been told.

q: What did the racist chess player say?
a: All Rook same!

q: How can you tell a cow isn't listening to you?
a: Everything you say goes in one ear and out the udder!

q: How can you tell if a Finnish guy likes you?
a: He's staring at your shoes instead of his own.

q: what's the difference between a cat and compound sentence?
a: one has claws at the end of it's paws...the other has a pause at the end of it's clause. 

q: Why was Civil Disobedience such a good essay?
a: Thoreau editing.

q: Why is it a good idea to put your money in the freezer, instead of the bank?
a: So you always have access to cold hard cash...

q: What is the opposite of paranoia?
a: Thinking you are following someone.

q: What do you call a short physic that has escaped from jail?
a: A small medium at large

q: Can antelopes get married?
a: No, they cantaloupe.

q: What do you call a snobbish criminal going downstairs?
a: A condescending con descending.

q: How does George W. Bush do well on his high school midterms?
a: He uses study strategeries.

q: Whats the difference between man united and a clown?
a: ones a complete laughing stock and the other ones a clown.

q: What did the pirate captain say to the sucker fish he hired to clean his ship?
a: Suck my  !!!

q: Do you know what George Washington would be doing if he were alive today?
a: Scratching like hell at the inside of his casket.

q: [OC] Why can't an orchestra made of OB/GYN doctors ever get good enough to perform a concert?
a: Because the C-section is always messy.

q: What did the homophobic sheep say when he saw the two female sheep making out in the field?
a: "Oh, ewe"

q: What's the difference between a penis and a paycheck?
a: A woman will always blow your paycheck

q: What happened to the octopus in the football game?
a: He had tentackles.

q: What do you call a gnome that muffs a fairy ?
a: Goblin....

q: What's Beethoven up to these days?
a: Decomposing

q: What's the difference between a prostitute with dysentery and an epileptic oyster shucker?
a: The epileptic oyster shucker shucks between fits. 

q: What do the Globetrotters do when they're finished urinating?
a: The Harlem Shake

q: Why did the hot dog vendor cry?
a: He burned his wiener

q: Why didn't anyone care about the circus?
a: Because it was irr-elephant

q: Why don't they have sex ed and drivers ed on the same day in the middle east?
a: There are never enough camels to go around.

q: What do you call a paper crane folded by a prositute?
a: Whoreigami

q: Why do black people call each other "son"?
a: Well, you never know!

q: Why do fire departments have dalmatians?
a: To help the firemen find the hydrants

q: What's the most offensive jokes you guys have?
a: What's the most offensive jokes you have ever hear

q: How did the steak chef at the courthouse like his paycheck?
a: In legal tender

q: What is Fido the dog's favorite part of a tree?
a: Bark! What is his favorite canine?  Wolf! How does he like his sex? Ruff!

q: What kind of Lettuce do serve on the Titanic?
a: Iceberg Lettuce! :D

q: What the best thing about pedophiles?
a: They always drive slowly near schools

q: What do you get when you mix an owl with a rooster?
a: A cock who stays up all night.

q: Why do pedophiles have social anxiety?
a: Because they have a hard time fitting in

q: 911?
a: Husband: "Hello, 911? Yes, there's this Hindu fellow who's been following my wife around for the past few hours, and it's starting to really creep us out. He just now got down on his knees and he's... praying, or something." 911 Operator: "Sir, calm down, there's no issue here- Hindus are well known to worship cows."

q: Why is studying statistics hard to do in Afghanistan?
a: because of the tally-ban

q: Why can't atheists solve exponential equations?
a: Because they don't believe in higher powers!

q: What did the Joker say when he was at McDonalds?
a: "May I take your order?"

q: Have you heard the one about Ron Jeremy's penis?
a: It's a real knee slapper.

q: Why did my Geoligist wife divorce me?
a: She kept on saying that everything I said was complete bullschist

q: What do you call someone who is good at fishing?
a: A Master Baiter.

q: Why don't Amish people water ski?
a: Because their horses would drown.

q: If I was a smart thief, do you know what I would rob?
a: A book store.

q: How do you get your husband to eat shit?
a: Wipe forward!

q: Whats better than roses on your piano?
a: Tulips on your organ!

q: Teacher: did your father help you with your homework?
a: Student: no he did it all by himself 

q: What does Popeye's dick smell like?
a: Olive Oil

q: Why is the sport of cricket called cricket?
a: A:   

q: What's the difference between Jews and Christians?
a: Jews get really angry, but Christians just get a little cross.

q: Why don't baseball players get much action?
a: Because they have foul balls.

q: Chris Christie's Favorite New Dessert???
a: Impeach Cobbler

q: What's a Pedophile's Favorite Part about Hockey?
a: Getting there before the first period.

q: What does Beyonce bake her cookies on?
a: Aluminatti foil

q: What do you call a man without shins?
a: Tony. (A joke created by a non-redditing friend)

q: Does anyone know any good renal/kidney jokes?
a: I'm in nursing school right now and there's a competition in one of my classes for the funniest renal joke. I can't think of any! Help?

q: What do you call a well respected slave?
a: A butler.

q: What do 8 hobbits make?
a: A hobbyte. 

q: Did you hear about the new bra they call the Sheepdog?
a: It rounds them up and points them in the right direction.

q: What's the Difference between NHL Players and the Jersey Shore Girls?
a: NHL Players shower after three periods.

q: I don't get this joke. Can someone explain it to me?
a: My sisters fiance is so short that he has trouble playing computer games. The only way he can reach the keyboard is if he lies flat on the ground.

q: How many gnats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: It only takes two, but the trick is getting them in the lightbulb.

q: What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market?
a: HEYYY LAAADIESS

q: What did Courtney Love say before she shot Kurt?
a: "Hole is gonna be huge."

q: Want to know how I can see 6 years into the future?
a: I have 2020 vision.

q: Did you hear the one about the vegan cannibal?
a: She only eats vegetables

q: Where do electricians get supplies?
a: The Ohm Depot.

q: How do you get a fat girl into your bed?
a: Piece of cake.

q: How much is an M&M?
a: 50 cents. That's Ludicris!

q: Can anyone explain this joke for me?
a: I just don't get it, so it is either meant to be absurd/nonsensical or I am missing historical context: Q:What do you know about Damascus? A:It kills 99% of germs.

q: What's the difference between a praying nun and a girl taking a bath?
a: One has hope in her soul and the other has soap in her hole

q: What happens when an American has a heart attack and survives?
a: A 'murical.

q: Did you know that the walrus has the second largest penis of all mammals?
a: ........................... ........................... I have the first :) Stole it from 50 first dates.

q: Wait, you're citing me for reckless driving?
a: I can count three from here!

q: What do you call sunscreen in Ireland?
a: Pubs

q: Why does internet explorer ask so many questions?
a: Because it's insecure. It has trust issues.

q: What is a frog's favourite website?
a: REDDIT

q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?
a: "Hi, Cliff "

q: I wonder what the parking situation is at the Special Olympics?
a: ....

q: Why was the mushroom happy?
a: Because he was a fungi.

q: What do you call a thieving duck?
a: A robber duck....

q: If you're looking for something fun and exciting to do, why not try anti-gravity?
a: It never lets me down!

q: Which is the smallest pub in the world?
a: The Thalidomide Arms.

q: Why does Daenerys take so long to get places?
a: She keeps   her feet.

q: What do you get when you have a blonde do a handstand?
a: A brunette with bad breath. 

q: What do you call a fight between a Mexican and a child molester?
a: Alien vs Predator

q: Do you remember when you used to blow bubbles?
a: Well he's back in town and said he misses you.

q: Do you want a sister or a brother?
a: There's a pregnant mother and her young child, here's the conversation. Mom: Honey, what do you want the stork to bring you? A little sister or a little brother? Child: Mom, if your pussy doesn't hurt too much I would like a wooden horse...

q: What did the joints say to the arthritis pain?
a: Uh-Leave!  I made this up when I was a little kid and naturally thought I was a comedic genius for many unfortunate years to come. 

q: What's fourteen inches and white?
a: Nothing.

q: Do you know the difference between erotic and perverted?
a: An erotic person will use a feather on their partner. A perverted person uses the whole chicken.

q: How do you stop an angry rhino from charging?
a: You take away its credit card

q: How do you describe a boring, Asian, black and white film?
a: Anti-chromactic

q: What do ghosts use for lube?
a: Rectoplasm...

q: Why did the referee blow his whistle at the leper hockey game?
a: There was a face off at centre ice.

q: What do you call a baby Matt Damon?
a: A new-Bourne

q: What happened when the man couldn't afford the mortgage on his haunted house?
a: ...it was repossessed! 

q: Have you heard about the Polish strip club?
a: There are Poles everywhere.

q: who is the most fun on a missing persons case?
a: the search party animal!

q: Why does the NSA only do anal?
a: Because they backdoor their way into everything.

q: What happens when you cross the band "The Knack" and a bottle of Corona?
a: A song called "My Corona"

q: What did one wall say to the other wall?
a: Let's meet up in the corner.

q: What do grandparents smell like?
a: "Depends"

q: Did you hear about the psychic midget that escaped from jail?
a: Headline read: Small Medium at Large

q: What's long and hard and makes women cry at night?
a: Crib death.

q: What's worse than finding cum stains in your son's underwear?
a: Finding cum stains in the back of the underwear.

q: What's the best defense against Britney Spears?
a: Brooke Shields.

q: What did Charlie Bucket say when Willie Wonka peed on him?
a:  I've got a golden tinkle in my eye... 

q: Why did the girl get grumpy after anal sex?
a: She was butthurt.

q: What do you call a gay rhinoceros?
a: Scooter the unicorn.

q: What type of pussy does a priest get?
a: nun

q: How do you keep bacon from curling in the pan?
a: You take away its tiny brooms.

q: What do the Dallas Cowboys do when they win the Superbowl?
a: Turn off their Nintendo and go to bed.  

q: What type of wife always knows where her husband is?
a: A widow 

q: What did the whistleblower say after the blizzard in Russia?
a: I'm Snowden!

q: What do you call the gingerbread man's ghetto cousin?
a: The wonderbread man.

q: What do you call it when a male mathematician imagines himself having an orgasm?
a: Squirt(-1).

q: Did you hear that the DMV is going make all stop signs bilingual for Spanish Speakers in 2014?
a: It's not going to be too expensive, though, all they have to do is add the "e" to the front.

q: Why is the Adults only store open 24hrs?
a: Because get off at different times.

q: What do you call 1000 aches?
a: A  .

q: What's the difference between a white story and a black story?
a: A white story starts with "Once Apon a Time" and a black story starts with "Y'all ain't gonna believe this"

q: What's the true meaning of a New Years resolution?
a: Something you do for the first week of the new year.

q: What happened to the Indian that drank too much?
a: He tee-peed his pants.

q: How do you get garbanzo breath?
a: Have a chickpea in your mouth

q: Aims at the heels, but hits the nose. What is it?
a: A fart.

q: Where does Obama live?
a: The "Baracks"

q: What was Bob Marley's favourite font?
a: Sans Sheriff! 

q: Why don't debutantes like group sex?
a: Too many thank you notes to write

q: What did the magazine say to the comic book?
a: Boy, do we have issues!

q: What's the difference between a Southern wedding and a Southern tornado?
a: Nothing - either way someone's gonna lose a trailer *shamelessly stolen from Robin Williams

q: How long does it take to get from Louisiana to Alabama?
a: One Mississippi.

q: What did Hugh Hefner say when he got to heaven?
a: meh

q: What does Jeffrey Dahmer and Peewee Herman have in common?
a: They were both caught with hands in their drawers.

q: How many Libertarian Capitalists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: I ain't buyin those fancy   Big-Government ones. The free market idn't ready.

q: What do you call 0.33333333333 of a shit?
a: A turd.

q: What do you call over the counter Viagra?
a: Mycoxafloppin

q: What does the NFL and Broke Back Mountain have in common?
a: Cowboys that suck. 

q: What did the deer say when the sportsman asked if he wanted to go hunting?
a: I'm game.

q: What's the difference between an optimist and a pessimist?
a: One sees a glass half full, the other doesn't care because the glass is going to fall and break anyways.

q: Do you know what is heart warming?
a: That even the most Orthodox Jew, and the cruelest of all the people of Al-Qaeda, will look for the same thing once they get down from a plane. A Synagogue.

q: How did the blind priest find the choir boys?
a: Satisfying.

q: What's a philosopher's favorite toy?
a: Play-doh.

q: What do you call a 100 year old frog?
a: By: 

q: What do a priest and an Olympic silver medalist have in common?
a: They both came in a little behind.

q: Why did the baker's hands smell?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: Did you hear about the guy who burnt down the Chinese restaurant?
a: He was charged with won ton destruction  

q: What did the banker use for birth control?
a: His personality

q: What's the best thing about living with alzheimer's?
a: You get to meet new people everyday. 

q: How is a Mac like a Queen's guard?
a: They're both run by Unix.

q: How did the Mexican greet people in Hawaii?
a: Ahola.

q: Where does Skrillex like to eat lunch?
a: He goes to WUBway! 

q: What dance moves do physicists do?
a: the torque

q: Did you hear Lorraina Babbitt died in LA?
a: She was on the highway and some dick cut her off.

q: Why should you never buy ukrainian underwear?
a: Chernobyl fallout.

q: Do you know why the spanish letter "j" is pronounced as "h"?
a: because Francisco Franco made a typo and didn't want to admit his mistake. He forced the people to change the pronunciation instead of admitting he was fallible. [ Hahah..an original joke you guys, can you believe it? I had to google Spanish dictator and Francisco Franco was the name that came up]

q: What did the bartender say to the giraffe when he ordered a beer?
a: Long neck or giraffed?

q: what is michael J. Fox's favourite beverage?
a: a vanilla shake

q: Whats the difference between a rectal and an oral thermometer?
a: The taste.

q: What's common between Marriage & a Port-a-potty?
a: There are those who are waiting to get in it and then you have those wanting too get out of it.

q: Was Johann Sebastian Bach wealthy?
a: No, he was baroque.

q: What kind of STD does a blonde woman give you?
a: Herp-n-derp-es

q: What do you call a two dentists that live on opposite sides of the world?
a: Molar opposites. 

q: What's the most electronegative state?
a: Fluorida!

q: What did the proctologist say to the guy with glued ass cheeks?
a: You're in some sticky shit.  

q: What is black & white, black & white, black & white, black & white, black & white, black & blue?
a: A nun falling down the stairs 

q: Who makes the best milkshakes ever?
a: Michael J. Fox.

q: Why did the squirrel swim on his back?
a: To keep his nuts dry!

q: What do you call girls that have a chance of winning?
a: Chicken Tenders.

q: What's the worst part about season 1 of Lost?
a: The   episode.

q: What's the difference between Gene Simmons and Richard Simmons?
a: One porks women the other un-porks them. 

q: What is a stalkers favorite part of a hospital?
a: the I see you.

q: Did you hear about the bastard frog?
a: It was a tad unexpected.

q: (x-post from /r/lotr) How many Nazgl does it take to kill a hobbit?
a: Ten.

q: Can someone please invent pantyhose that don't rip?
a: I think everyone in this bank just saw my face.

q: What does a 90 year old pussy taste like?
a: Depends.

q: Why is Santa Claus so jolly?
a: He knows where all the naughty girls live. I actually heard this in the video game LA Noire. Thought it was pretty funny so I bust it out every Christmas.

q: My neighbour knocked on my door at 2:30am...Can you believe that, 2:30am!?
a: Luckily for him I was still up playing my bagpipes

q: What do you call an Asian girl with Mexican parents?
a: Juana Sum Peeksa.  

q: Why did the Mexican girl get pregnant?
a: Her teacher told her to do an essay. 

q: What is the difference between pick and choose?
a: To pick is to make a selection... And choose are what Cubans wear on their feet.

q: Why do Jews hate sex?
a: Because porkin isn't kosher.

q: What did the little cloud say about the big cloud?
a: I think you're condensating for something.

q: What's the difference between a tea cup and pea cup?
a: A teacup is what the British drink out of and a pea cup is what the Mexicans drive.

q: Did you hear about the Power Plant that was bad for the environment all year?
a: He got coal for Christmas.

q: How does Kim Kardashian like her eggs?
a: Over-Yeezy.  

q: What should you care?
a: My grandfather always said, "Don't watch your money, watch your health." So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather.

q: Why is [friend's name] always on the bottom?
a: Because they won't stop fucking up

q: What do you call clothes for a car?
a: A tire.

q: What did the ram say as his lover lay on her deathbed?
a: There will never be another ewe.

q: How do you say "fuck you" in Hebrew?
a: Trust me

q: What are your best family friendly Christmas jokes?
a: I need some for tonight. 

q: What do you call a suicidal cat?
a: Curiosity.

q: Why do rappers repeat their names in their songs?
a: So they dont forget it.

q: What says "Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark! Mark!" ?
a: A dog with a hair lip

q: What did the cat say after reading ""To Kill a Mockingbird"?
a: I want a refund: there's not one darn thing about how to kill a bird   in this book.

q: What's a specimen?
a: An Italian astronaut :-D

q: Why do witches not wear underwear?
a: So they can get a better grip on their broom. 

q: You eat what (phonetic joke)?
a: Knock knock Who's there? I eat mop I eat mop who?

q: What is the mathematician's favorite pick-up line?
a: Hey baby, wanna see the exponential growth of my natural log?

q: Why shouldn't you wear Russian underwear?
a: Because Chernobyl fall-out.

q: What do you call Hitler's bachelor party?
a: The Reich-stag!

q: What's the difference between an orange and a baby?
a: You don't fuck an orange after you peel its skin. Credits go to my friend for telling me.

q: What do you call a group of Mexicans doing work?
a: Manuel labour.

q: Why is it so hard to get a comb from a bald man?
a: Because they never part with them 

q: What are Tony Montana's favourite trousers?
a: Alpine Chinos

q: What is the most surprised a cow can be??
a: UDDERLY SURPRISED! (Edit: UTTERLY to UDDERLY)

q: Ever wonder why people pay so much for their electricity bill?
a: CON Edison.

q: Why does Marx's toilet play a sonata when flushed?
a: Because of the violins inherent in the cistern.

q: What ethnicity is Santa?
a: North Poleish 

q: It's yellow, lives in a tree, and is very annoying?
a: A Banananananana Banananananana! 

q: What's a Lawyers favourite food?
a: suet

q: What did Adam say to Eve on the day before Christmas?
a: "It's Christmas, Eve."

q: What do you call it when all the Chinese places in town start to close?
a: Wonton endangerment.

q: Why shouldn't you ask if someone's a Texan?
a: Because if they are they'll tell you, and if they aren't you don't want to insult them.

q: What do you call a booger that you've been squishing for awhile?
a: Boograr

q: What do you call the survivors of the holocaust?
a: Residue.

q: How do you make a fruit cordial?
a: Be nice to him.

q: What did Peter Pan say during the plane crash?
a: "It looks like we're going to Neverland."

q: Why did the hipster drown, when he was iceskating?
a: He was skating before it was cool

q: Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
a: BMWs have the pricks on the inside! 

q: What did the Roman premature ejaculater say?
a: Veni, Vidi, Veni.

q: What did the physicist say when he tried to meditate?
a: Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm...

q: What do Justin Bieber and Pinocchio have in common?
a: Both want to be real boys

q: What's your favorite joke appropriate for a 6-8 year old?
a: I am a ski instructor and I've recently been teaching these two boys who are 6 and 8 year old brothers. I realized today that I know zero jokes appropriate enough or funny to this demographic. I feel like they think I am super boring. Give me some help to make the chairlift more exciting!!

q: How do you drown a polar bear?
a: Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.

q: Why is the sand so quiet?
a: Because the waves keep going "shhhhhh".

q: What does Santa Claus call his more thuggish elves?
a: Gangsta wrappers! 

q: Why did the baby have such a poor time in the marathon?
a: He was running a little behind

q: Just now, from my dad: Have you heard the new Christmas carol from India?
a: We Vishnu a Merry Krishnas.

q: What is all that useless flesh around a woman's vagina?
a: The woman.

q: What was the crow doing up on the telephone pole?
a: He was making a long-distance caw.

q: What do you do with a sick chemist?
a: If you can't helium, and you can't curium, then you might as well barium.

q: How many friend zoned guys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they will all just stand there complimenting it and get pissed when it wont screw. 

q: Why can't Stevie Wonder see his mates?
a: Because he's married. 

q: How does the blind man know when to stop wiping his arse?
a: I don't know, that's why I'm asking you.

q: Whose point is it anyway?
a: A ninety-year-old man went to the doctor and said, "Doctor, my eighteen-year-old wife is expecting a baby." The doctor said, "Let me tell you a story. A man went hunting, but instead of a rifle, he picked up an umbrella by mistake. When a bear suddenly appeared and charged at the man - he picked up the umbrella, shot the bear, and killed it." The man said, "Impossible. Someone else must have shot that bear." The doctor said, "My point exactly!"

q: How did the dentist become a brain surgeon?
a: His hand slipped.

q: What do you call A Bohemian Lumberjack?
a: ...A  ( I'll see myself out.. :)

q: My co-worker is going out of town for a week. What are some easy pranks I can set up in his cubicle?
a: I don't want to go TOO over the top, and I definitely don't want to actually damage anything. But he has a pretty good sense of humor.

q: What do Saudi guys and girls have in common?
a: They all get stoned constantly.

q: What language do cats speak?
a: Catonese

q: How did the hipster burn his tongue...?
a: ... he drank his coffee 

q: Have you seen the clown that hides from ugly people?
a: I thought not...

q: What do you call a huge pile of cats?
a: A Meow-tain!

q: What did the bird say when it flew into the window?
a: Owl

q: What does a turkey scream right before you squirt a hot load all over it?
a: Baster! Baster!

q: What do a hippie-chick and a hockey player have in common?
a: Both don't shower until after 3 periods.

q: Did you know they buried Steve Jobs in an orchard?
a: Yep.  He's still pushing apples.

q: Whats the worst thing about being dyslexic and having ADHD?
a: You think you've got AIDS

q: What does a gang say on December 25th?
a: Merry Crips-mas

q: What did the Kiwi say to the Rabbi?
a: "Hebrew".

q: What's the difference between Pink Floyd and Princess Diana?
a: Pink Floyd kept going after the wall.

q: What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse's ass?
a: A mechanic!

q: Why did the French construct the Maginot Line?
a: To keep the Nazis in Czech!

q: Who was the first carpenter?
a: Eve, she made Adam's banana stand.

q: What is a Rastafarian's favorite country?
a: Yemen

q: What did the monkey say when he caught his tail in the revolving door?
a: It won't be long now...

q: Why can't you trust atoms?
a: Because they make everything up.

q: Why are redditors so bad at "getting" jokes?
a: this isn't even a joke... some of y'all are borderline retarded, "I don't get it" is like a given for 50 upvotes around here. If you don't get a joke, just take the L and move on to the next post....

q: What is the difference between a middle school boy and a high school boy?
a: The middle school boy just wants to snatch a kiss. 

q: What is worse than getting a wrong call at 3 AM in the morning?
a: Getting a right call.

q: What is black Jesus' favorite fruit?
a: Wine-er-melon

q: What did the prarie dog coach say to his team?
a: Just gopher it.

q: What did the greek cow say?
a: 

q: What does a Gynecologist and a Pizza Boy have in common?
a: They can smell it but they can't eat it

q: What do you call fake soup?
a: Pho Soup

q: How did the Italian die?
a: Talking while driving.

q: Why do men snore when they sleep on their back?
a: Because their balls cover their assholes and they vapor lock.

q: How many cops does it take to push a hooker down the stairs?
a: None, "she fell".

q: Why does the rabbit hide Easter eggs?
a: Because he is ashamed of fucking the chicken.

q: Did you hear about Princess Dianas car crash?
a: She was all over the radio.  And the dash. And the windshield...

q: What do you get when you combine a watch and a bottle of beer?
a: A really good watch.

q: Why was the computer tired when it got home?
a: It had a hard drive.

q: What do you call a bad circumcision?
a: A rip off.  (Da da tshhh) 

q: What do you see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bend over?
a: Doughnuts. 

q: What is the one thing Spiderman can't eat?
a: Uncle Bens rice.

q: How does John Lennon get his kids to eat their vegetables?
a: He tells them to "Give Peas a Chance"

q: What do you call 2 algebraists who marry?
a: Prime mates

q: What did Saint Patrick say when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland?
a: "Everyone got seat belts on back there?"

q: Did you hear about the guy who won the Nobel for inventing time travel to the future?
a: He was ahead of his time.

q: What did Chuck Norris told his father when he left home for college?
a: You are the man of the house now.

q: What do you say to a girl with small tits?
a: NOTHING!

q: What is the easiest way to kill a gaggle of black men?
a: Tie watermelons to the bottom of a lake

q: (Grandpa joke) If seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
a: Bagels. I'll be here all night, people!

q: What were the Crocodile Hunters last words?
a: "You Irwin some you Irlose some" Then he dieded.

q: Can someone please explain this joke to me?
a: How do you get the elephant out of the theatre? You cant. Its in his blood.

q: What did the stoner drop when he listened to dubstep?
a: Salt.

q: How do you know you are in the gardening section of Home Depot?
a: Everything is priced in pesos. 

q: How do terrorist surfers spend free time at Guantanamo Bay?
a: WATERBOARDING!!!

q: What did they do with the Crazy 8's?
a: They put it in Solitaire confinement.

q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
a: Spitting, swallowing, and gargling. 

q: What is an Italian redditors favorite meal?
a: Fettuccini Alfedora.

q: What did Jay-Z call Knowles before getting married?
a: his biance

q: How can you tell your room mates gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: What do pantyhose and Brooklyn have in common?
a: Flatbush

q: What's a Chinese chicken's favorite vegetable?
a: Buock choi

q: What is a physicist's favorite cookie?
a: Sig-fig Newtons

q: What do you call an Eskimo who's a peeping tom?
a: Itookalook

q: What would you name a star wars movie featuring Pluto?
a: This is really just a bad pun, but to me those are the best kind of jokes Pluto strikes from the back and destroys Uranus.

q: Wanna hear my joke about pizza?
a: Nevermind, it's too cheesey.

q: Want to hear about the worst blowjob I ever had?
a: It was awesome

q: Wanna hear a joke about a pizza?
a: Nm, it's too cheesy.

q: Remember how in Lord of the Rings they slept out under the stars?
a: It was pretense.

q: What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles?
a: Yoko Ono

q: How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Let's go ride bikes!

q: Why did the model pee herself?
a: She was all dressed up with no place to go!

q: Did you hear about the sign language translator at Nelson Mandela's funeral?
a: Neither did his audience.

q: What do you call Billy Mays when he says something stupid?
a: An OxyMoron!

q: Why couldn't the dwarves renew their lease on the Lonely Mountain?
a: It failed the Smaug test.

q: What's the most popular pickup line at a gay bar?
a: "Hey, can I push your stool in?"

q: Why can't the NSA leaker leave Russia?
a: Because he's Snow'd-in!

q: What did one earring say to the other?
a: What did one earring say to the other? You go on a head, i'll just hang round 'ere

q: Why did candycain go to jail?
a: Because he killed Candy-Abel 

q: Why couldn't they save the shipwrecked hippies?
a: They were too far out, man.

q: What do you call a muslim in the 90's?
a: Radical

q: What do ducks do at Christmas time?
a: They Duckerate cookies. ...lol...

q: Which US state is friendliest toward the Japanese?
a: Ohio

q: What do you call an Irish Jew?
a: A leprechaun!

q: Did you hear about the physicist who moonlighted as a romance novelist?
a: He wrote complete works of friction.

q: Did you hear about the three Mexicans who robbed a bank?
a: One of them was captured but the other two vanished without a tres. 

q: Without context, where would we be?
a: Joke is the title. If you don't get it, think about it a bit.

q: How did the dollar bill feel when his change started disappearing?
a: Coincerned

q: Why is it good for a mason to live in constant fear?
a: That way he just shits bricks.

q: Why was the dieting Roman so thrilled?
a: His toga size went from L to XL.

q: What did the square say to the triangle?
a: You're outta line!

q: Did you hear about the Italian documentary on suppositories?
a: It's called Innuendo...

q: How does Dallas Cowboys fans change a lightbulb?
a: They don't... they just talk about how good the old one was.

q: Who does a dead pharaoh talk to?
a: His mummy.

q: How do you confuse Helen Keller?
a: You tell her to read a basketball.

q: How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb?
a: She says, "Daddy, I want a new apartment."

q: Why did Kelly fall off the swing?
a: She had no arms. Knock Knock? Who's there? .Not Kelly.

q: You know what we used to call vegetarians?
a: Idiots that couldn't hunt or fish.

q: What did one shovel say to the other during a recurring fight?
a: Can we just bury this?

q: Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
a: Because it had no Guts.

q: Did you hear about the gay magician?
a: He disappeared with a puff.

q: What do you call it when an Asian's imaginary friend dies?
a: Make-bereave

q: What do you call a blonde in a BMW?
a: Optional.

q: What did Mr. T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar?
a: I don't hate this bar, but I pity the stool.

q: Why do American tourists talk so loudly?
a: So that they can hear each other over their clothes

q: Where did Javon get his earrings?
a: Ja Mall

q: Why are women like condoms?
a: Because they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.

q: What's the difference between being hungry and being horny?
a: Where you put the cucumber....

q: How do you know a woman has had sex in every country in the world?
a: Her pussy is well cultured.

q: What does Polynomial Man say when you beat him?
a: Youve foiled my plans again!

q: What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen?
a: Snow balls!

q: Why is it easier for women to shave "downstairs" than men?
a: They don't have to go through as many obsticles.

q: How do you make a flea circus?
a: From scratch.

q: Why don't the people of Pompeii like volcanoes?
a: Because they're all dead. As told by my best friend, in light of the Indian joke.

q: What do you call 2 crackers arguing?
a: White noise.

q: How come Hitler never went to the movies?
a: Because he could nazi!

q: What concert can you see for 45 cents?
a: 50 cent, featuring Nickleback.

q: What do you call two gay Scotsmen?
a: Ben Dover and Phil Mcrakkin

q: What did the Nazi become after the war ended?
a: A veterinarian (veteran aryan).

q: Why is it never a good idea to use a Chinese phone book?
a: There are so many Wings and Wongs, you might wing a wong number.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was half black and half Japanese?
a: On every Dec. 7, he would attack Pearl Bailey.

q: Did you here about the women who died after masturbating with a carrot?
a: That was a dildon't 

q: Q:What did The Banana Say To the Vibrator?
a: A:Why the fuck are you shaking, she's going to eat me!

q: Why do programmers always confuse Halloween and Christmas?
a: Because 25 DEC = 31 OCT.

q: How bad is it when a nations power crisis can only be solved by a couple of hydroelectric plants?
a: Two dam bad!  (OC!)

q: Why don't paperclips move around a lot?
a: They like being stationery.

q: What is the difference between kinky and perverted?
a: Kinky is using a feather. Perverted is using the whole chicken. 

q: Did you hear about the hispanic that's been stealing all the trains?
a: I heard he has some loco motives. (Locomotives)

q: What's the difference between a Porsche and a KIA?
a: Paul Walker wouldn't be caught dead in a KIA.

q: What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee chord?
a: My ass.

q: How do you say "constipated" in German?
a: Farfrompoopin'

q: Why did Hitler not mind being on the naughty list?
a: He needed more coal anyway.

q: What does the cow say while having sex?
a: Nothing... she just mmmooOOOAAAANNnnnsssss...

q: How can you tell two people are married?
a: Both are yelling at the same kid.

q: How many women does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: Only one, but with a perticular FETISH

q: What do a 9 volt battery and a hot chick's asshole have in common?
a: You know you shouldn't but you are going to put your tongue on it eventually.

q: Why did the kleptomaniac spend so much time in Bed Bath and Beyond?
a: He was taking a sheet.

q: Where did the salami go on holiday?
a: Costa Deli-Sol

q: G.W.Bush - Dyslexic?
a: After many speech errors, mispronunciations, apparent Freudian slips, rumors began to swirl that President Bush may be dyslexic. At a press conference the following month, one journalist found the courage to ask "Mr. President, is there any truth the the current rumor that you are, in fact, dyslexic?" To which he emphatically replied, "ON!"

q: What do you call a scientific measuring instrument with degrees?
a: A graduated cylinder. This is the only joke I've ever thought of.

q: What's better than breaking the seal on a bottle?
a: breaking the seal on a rock. 

q: What do LotR and Brokeback Mountain have in common?
a: Someone's ring gets broken.

q: Did you hear about the kleptomaniac with no sense of humor?
a: He took everything literally

q: How did Jesus feel after the last supper?
a: A bit cross.

q: What do you call a psychic midget that just escaped prison?
a: A small medium at large. 

q: How do you save a Republican from drowning?
a: Take your foot off of their head.

q: What is the worst type of sand to have in your pants?
a: Sandusky

q: Why does the Devil hate the holiday Season?
a: Because he gets so many letters from dyslexic children.

q: What do oranges, and Jews have in common?
a: They both hate concentration camps.

q: What type of drink do gay nazis hate?
a: Juice

q: Why couldn't the dyslexic plantation owner get anything done?
a: Gingers just don't last in the sun.

q: Why do you always see Santa with a full sack?
a: Because he only comes once a year!

q: What is every young lady`s ultimate Disney fantasy?
a: To sit on Pinnochio`s face and hope he tells lies.

q: What do you call Moby Dick when he washes up on a sandbar?
a: A bleached whale!

q: What keyboard layout does Miley Cyrus use?
a: TWERQY.

q: What do you call a boring Muslim?
a: Abdull.

q: How many people does it take to screw a lightbulb?
a: Just one guy with a really weird fetish. 

q: What is the difference between Jamaicans and Jewish people?
a: Their reaction when someone asks if they want to get baked.

q: What do gay cow's eat?
a: Hayyyyyyy

q: What did Mike Tyson say when he saw Breaking Bad?
a: That's methed-up!

q: Q: What is Mr. T's nickname for Wednesday?
a: A: Chump day.

q: How many blind people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: I am not sure,  I haven't seen them try and I can't do it either.

q: What's the internal temperature of a Ton-ton?
a: Lukewarm

q: What were the 2 doctors who worked with Schrdinger called?
a: A 

q: Why did the sailor ground his son?
a: His grades were below sea level    

q: Why does Helen Keller play the piano with only one hand?
a: Because she uses the other one to sing.

q: What do you call a black man in a tree?
a: Branch Manager

q: What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and Sarah Palin's vagina?
a: Only one fifth of what comes out of her vagina is retarded.

q: Is your phone in your back pocket?
a: Because that ass is calling me!

q: Have you heard about the dyslexic satanist?
a: Sold his soul to Santa.

q: What do you call a woman who sells sex for noodles?
a: A Pasta-tute! 

q: What has ten legs and nine arms?
a: Def Leppard

q: How do hispanics cut a pizza?
a: Little Caesars

q: How many x does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.

q: What's the worst thing about catching AIDS?
a: Having to convince your parents you're Haitian... Some context: When the AIDS epidemic really started to hit America, it was often called "4H Disease" after the people at most risk: Haitians, Haemophiliacs, Heroin Users and Homosexuals. 

q: What do you call a preacher with an erection?
a: A firm believer

q: Did you hear about the fat chick I fucked on the elevator?
a: It was wrong on so many levels.

q: What's a telemarketer's favourite element?
a: Scamdium.

q: Have you heard about the new male contraceptive pill?
a: You put it in your shoe, and it makes you limp.

q: What do you have to use to check a test on Telemarketing?
a: A Scamtron.

q: Did you hear about the woman who tried to bribe the police with pennies?
a: She was taken in by the coppers.

q: Did ya hear about the guy who got his hand caught in the printing press?
a: He's in all the papers. ...Ba-dum bum

q: How do philosophers shave off their beards?
a: Occam's razor

q: What's the difference between a ladder and a truck?
a: It's no bad luck to walk under a truck.

q: What's the best way to make a girl weak in the knees?
a: Kick em.

q: How many 'friend-zoned' guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None they just compliment it and get pissed when it wont screw.

q: Who always wins at musical chairs?
a: Rosa Parks

q: How is pussy like veal?
a: It tastes sweeter the younger it is.

q: What did the black kid get on his ACT?
a: BBQ sauce

q: Hey billy jokes?
a: Need some more Billy & Highliner Jokes. One is "Hey billy you ever been to sea" "No Captain Highliner but I have been blown ashore"

q: What do you call a Serbian prostitute?
a: Slobodan Mikokubic

q: What do you call a red-headed ninja?
a: A ginja... Ensue mildly dramatic slow clapping.

q: How many passive-aggressive people does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Oh never mind, I'll just sit here in the dark...

q: How does a deaf and dumb tell a secret to another one?
a: He wears mittens.

q: How many bad joke tellers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One.

q: How many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a bad joke teller?
a: To get to the other side!

q: Did you know Hellen Keller had a dollhouse?
a: Neither did she.

q: Q:How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
a: A:Kick his sister in the jaw!!

q: Why did the man break the clock?
a: He wasn't comfortable with having that much time on his hands. 

q: What kind of bellybutton did Paul Walker have?
a: An Audi.    

q: Why was the Berlin Wall torn down?
a: It didn't match with the Iron Curtains. 

q: What do you call a farting fatass?
a: Gas giant.

q: What's Black and Yellow that makes everyone laugh?
a: a school bus full of Negros going off a cliff.

q: How many physicists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Assuming it takes place in a vacuum, approximating the lightbulb as a point particle, Assuming it takes place at precisely 300 K, and ignoring the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle: /3

q: What's older than sand?
a: The reposts on reddit.

q: Did you hear about the kleptomaniac who went to the theater the other day?
a: He stole the show!

q: What was the deaf mans favorite song?
a: The Sound of Silence. 

q: Who is the most famous cow in France?
a: Albert Camoo

q: Have you ever seen mothballs?
a: How'd you get their tiny legs open?

q: You guys ever hear the one about little tyrome?
a: so little tyrome is in the locker room getting changed for gym class. He notices that he has the biggest penis in his class and from the looks of it the whole third grade. He goes home that day and asks his dad, "hey dad, ive got the biggest penis in the third grade. is it because im black?" His dad replies, "no tyrone its because your eighteen"

q: did you know it takes 3 sheep to make a wool sweater?
a: It's amazing. I didn't even know they could knit! waaaaaaka waka.

q: How do you separate the men from the boys in the Navy?
a: With a crowbar.

q: What happened to the Indian chief who drank too much tea?
a: He drowned in his tea-pee.

q: Do you know what i say to people that are "butthurt"?
a: well stop doin anal.

q: What's the worst part of running into your ex?
a: You have to get out and check to see how bad your car is damaged.

q: Why is it called Black Friday?
a: Because the deals are such..A nigger

q: How do you greet an overweight Micronesian when you're trying to sound cool?
a: Microsoft Word.

q: What is the temperature of the average coffin?
a: 6 Below

q: On Thanksgiving, how does Miley Cyrus stuff her bird?
a: You don't want to know.

q: How much does wood cost?
a: About tree fiddy.

q: How do you seperate the men from the boys?
a: A crowbar.

q: Why did Jesus drop out of the carpentry business?
a: He got too attached to his work.

q: What did the blind, deaf, and mute kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: Why are farmers the best at what they do?
a: They are out standing in their field.

q: How did the badge get away with murder?
a: He pinned it on someone else.

q: Did you hear about that new space mosque?
a: It's Allah this world!

q: Why did the Mexican army attack the Alamo with only 2000 soldiers?
a: they only had one pickup

q: What do they say about a rapper who stole a dictionary?
a: He got a way with words.

q: You want to know what's the toughest part about Thanksgiving dinner at my house?
a: The sexual tensions

q: What do you call a reliable coke dealer?
a: Instagram

q: Anyone heard of that movie "Constipation"?
a: It hasn't come out yet though. ....

q: Why don't fairies live under toadstools?
a: Because there's not mushroom!

q: Why are all rabbits negro?
a: Because they dig homes.

q: How do Asians name their babies?
a: They throw a drawer of silverware down the stairs and name it whatever sound it makes.

q: What is a priest's favorite snack?
a: Little boysenberries.

q: Why doesn't jesus play hockey?
a: He's scared of getting nailed into the boards

q: Why was the cow scared about going into the slaughter house?
a: His life was at stake. Badum psh.

q: Why am I not afraid of Michelle Obama banning soda pop?
a: She said "If you like your Dr. Pepper, you can keep your Dr. Pepper."

q: How do make a gay guy fuck a woman?
a: How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman?  

q: Why do migits laugh when they run?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls.

q: Why did James Gandolfini die of a heart attack?
a: Because he was fat.

q: Why do owls not mate when it's raining?
a: Toowet Towoo

q: Why Are Jews Considered Optimists?
a: They cut a little off before they know how big it's going to be.

q: What did the scat fetishist say to his wife before divorcing her?
a: I've had enough of your shit.

q: Who is busier than a one-toothed man in a corn eating contest?
a: A one-legged man in an ass kicking contest.

q: What do you call a person from South America with a walking assist?
a: Mexicane.

q: How does the moon cut its hair?
a: Eclipse it. Ha.

q: What do you call a man who just had his back waxed?
a: A Faggot.

q: How do you you ask your male friend to shave your body?
a: You don't.

q: What did the accountant do when he was constipated?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: Do you like jokes that make you think a little?
a: If you had an one-legged horse, what would you name it?  Flattery.

q: What do you call making your booty clap for likes and upvotes?
a: Social netwerking

q: What do you call a cowboy with a case of bad gas?
a: Darn tootin'!  (this is so dumb im sorry)

q: Why did Barbie never get pregnant?
a: Because Ken came in a different box. Badum tiss.

q: Why is it called xbox one?
a: Because when you see it, you turn one degree and walk away.

q: What happens to gay horses when they die?
a: They become "super" glue!

q: Why did the computer cross the road?
a: To get a byte to eat...

q: Why did Mike Tyson bring his calculator to church?
a: He was invited to thunday math. 

q: What's the difference between a gorilla and an Italian in the bathtub?
a: The gorilla gets out to shit.

q: How do you get to Carnegie Hall?
a: take a taxi

q: What happened when Sean Connery bought himself a little kitten?
a: The cat shat on the mat.

q: What European city is home to the most Indians?
a: Buddha-pest.

q: What Did Delaware?
a: -She wore her New Jersey! Why did California? -She called to ask Hawaii. Where did Chicago? -The same place Oregon Where has Oregon?  I don't know but Alaska. She said she went to pay her Texas. What did Missisip? She sipped a Minnesota. What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkansas How did Wisconsin? He robbed an Oklahoma using a Kentucky. 

q: What does a blind person read in church?
a: Holy Braille 

q: What's an old woman taste like?
a: Depends ...

q: Why couldn't the witch get pregnant?
a: Her husband had a holloween-ie.

q: What's the best thing about being a meth addict?
a: Only four more sleeps 'til Christmas!

q: What is the difference between a Cadillac and five dead Asian hookers?
a: I don't have a Cadillac in my garage

q: What do you call an environmentally-conscious Mexican?
a: A Green Bean

q: Is knowing of collapse of supermarket in Latvia?
a: Is sad but now has five more potato for all of Latvia.

q: Did you hear about the woman banned from Disney World?
a: She kept sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Lie to me, Pinocchio! Lie to me!"

q: What does a Nazi reach for when he has a head cold?
a: Mein Camphor

q: What is my favorite street sign?
a: Slow children.

q: What do you call a little person who can talk to ghosts and just escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What's the difference between my dick and my jokes?
a: My girlfriend never laughs at my jokes

q: How do you get a polar bear in the water?
a: First, you cut a hole in the ice, then you sprinkle some pees around the hole. When the polar bear goes to take a pee, you kick him in the ice hole!

q: What does a sick train say?
a: Achoo Achoo!

q: You know why it'd called modern jazz right?
a: No?  It's because "A peace if crap was already taken."

q: How many Soviets does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None! In Soviet Russia, light bulb changes you!

q: How does Moses make beer?
a: Hebrews!

q: (Q)...... What was the difference between Bill Clinton & Monica Lewinsky's dry-cleaners?
a: (A)...... Clinton wouldn't come clean.

q: If iron man is a superhero what's iron woman?
a: a command

q: What is your favorite knick knock joke?
a: Do tell.

q: What kind of lizard can run the mafia?
a: The Iguanodon

q: How many immature people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Hehe... 'screw' Alternatively: 69, but everyone expects that one.

q: What's the difference between an American and a moldy piece of bread?
a: The bread has more culture.

q: What do you call a jackass in the mafia?
a: A donkey.

q: What's the most important part of a vegetable's golf stats?
a: The handicap.

q: What does it take to make a squid laugh?
a: Ten tickles.

q: What do you call a deer without eyes?
a: No-eye deer!  Note: we are from Hicksville, USA. This may not make sense without the Midwestern accent. 

q: What's the difference between eugenics and a charity marathon?
a: The second one's a race for the cure. Shamelessely stolen from  .

q: How do you keep a blonde busy?
a: Write "Please turn over" on both sides of a page and hand it to her. 

q: What do you call a grumpy girl's desk?
a: A periodic table.

q: Does anyone remember Gotye?
a: Now he's just somebody that we used to know

q: What does anal sex and broccoli have in common?
a: If you're forced to try it as a kid.. you probably wont like it as an adult.

q: What do you call a nosy pooper?
a: An eavesdropper!

q: How does an Australian clean is bum?
a: Bidet, mate. 

q: What does a bird say when it wants revenge?
a: Toucan play at that game!

q: Why do tweekers do it doggie style?
a: Son they can both look out the window.

q: What did the lobster do at the disco?
a: Pulled a muscle.

q: How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader?
a: Tell him that asylum seekers kill pedophiles.

q: Why was the mathematician late for work?
a: He took the rhombus.

q: Did you hear about the man who drowned in a bowl of Muesli?
a: He was pulled under by a strong currant 

q: What does Walter White say when someone tells him a knock-knock joke?
a: Nothing, because he is the one who knocks.

q: What brand of vodka does a Canadian drink?
a: Grey Moose

q: What is a homophobe's favorite fruit?
a: Cant-elope.

q: Why'd the Mexican cross the road?
a: He took the chicken's job.

q: Why did the painting go to jail?
a: It was framed.

q: Why did the paleontologist measure the height of a dinosaur using a T-Rex's foot?
a: Jurassic times call for Jurassic  Measures.

q: How Many Bit Coins Does it take to screw in a Lightbulb?
a: 00000000000001adf44c7d69767585--5572eca4dd4-db7d0c0b845-916d849af76 PM me the answer!

q: Whats The difference between Stealing Cookies from a Jar and Child Molesting?
a: Ive only ever been caught stealing cookies.

q: Why do stormtroopers make good drivers?
a: They won't ever hit anything.

q: What were Adam's first ever words to Eve?
a: "Stand back - I don't know how big it's going to get!"

q: What do bears and women from Arkansas have in common?
a: They can't stop licking their paws. 

q: What do you call a 90's sitcom star's inactivated x chromosomes?
a: Roseanne Barr bodies heh

q: Why shouldn't you look at a cup of ranch?
a: Because it's still dressing. 

q: What do you call that piece of flesh around the clitoris?
a: The woman. 

q: What do you call a cow that gets an abortion?
a: De-calf-inated

q: What do you call it when you feed a stick of dynamite to a steer?
a: Abominable!  (say it out loud, slowly)

q: There are three flies in the kitchen. Which one is the cowboy?
a: It's the one on the range.

q: Did you hear about the guy addicted to eating salt?
a: Don't worry, he was cured.

q: How do you tell if someone is opposed to GMOs?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: Did you hear about the man that submitted all those entries to the pun contest?
a: He was hoping one would take first place, but no pun  in ten  did. 

q: Why couldn't the pony speak clearly?
a: He was a little hoarse.

q: Why did the computer scientist die in the shower?
a: The shampoo bottle put him in an infinite loop.

q: Who has two thumbs and looks an awful lot like Alec Baldwin?
a: Alec Baldwin

q: M'lady, What is the most beautiful thing in the world?
a: Is it your right thigh, or your left?  Or does the answer lie somewhere in the middle?

q: What's the difference between Jesus and other carpenters?
a: Jesus may actually return some day.

q: What's the difference between a dead cat and a dead lawyer on the road?
a: The dead cat has skid marks around it.

q: What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient?
a: Michael Bay Leaves.

q: What does the arabs put in their Mexican food??
a: Allah-peos

q: What's enormous, gray, and unimportant?
a: Irrelephant. 

q: Did you hear about the impoverished farmers who drove from Oklahoma to California?
a: They went on a Joad Trip.

q: What's the difference between a washing machine and your mom?
a: The last time I dumped a load into the washing machine, she didn't follow me around for a week!

q: Did you hear about that new state of the art jackhammer technology?
a: "Groundbreaking"

q: Where does the Navy rank amongst the armed forces?
a: Submarines.

q: Are you a Lawyer?
a: ... cause you're giving me the bar

q: What do you call the entrance to a brothel?
a: Hodor

q: What is Cab Calloway's favorite type of humor?
a: 'scat'alogical

q: Did you hear about the awesome new Corey Hart cover of Sunglasses at Night?
a: By Stevie Wonder.

q: Why shouldn't happy people hang out with crustaceans?
a: They get crabby! Badum tsss.

q: What is the historical significance of Sir George Stokes?
a: He was a seminal fluid dynamicist.

q: Who is faster... Speedy Gonzales or Road Runner?
a: It depends on how close they are to the Mexico-United States border.

q: Did you hear about the man who went on a business trip?
a: A few months after he got home he got a call from a woman he had spent some time with while he was out of town. "Remember me from a while back? We had a few drinks and I was a good sport; we had a good time." He said, "Of course how could I forget about you Janet?" She told him, "Well, I just found out I'm pregnant... and I'm going to kill myself." The businessman chuckled and said, "WOW, you are a good sport!"

q: Why did the black man wipe his ass?
a: Niggers and poo are the same thing!!!!!

q: What kind of cigarettes do California kids smoke?
a: Yours.

q: Why did the blind driver have no hands?
a: He was reading road signs at 50 miles per hour

q: My work colleague sees himself as the pun king... he just made up these jokes..... opinions?
a: "I bought a new house last week but the previous owners had put a really steep staircase in.... I did ask the estate agent but they just told me that the previous owners were that way inclined." "I got caught vandalising my neighbours roof, thankfully they have forgiven me and we have moved on. Now I can start again with a clean slate" "I went to a car dealership and looked at a car that could only go in reverse. I wasn't happy but ended up buying it, i suppose that's just the way it goes...."

q: What did the messed up psychologist have for dinner?
a: Freud rice.

q: How do you fit 50 Jews in a car?
a: 2 in the front 3 in the back and 45 in the ash tray.

q: Why did God invent the yeast infection?
a: To show girls what it's like to live with an annoying cunt.

q: What has 16 legs and speaks german?
a: Dppelspider

q: How is digging fence post holes like being the mayor of Toronto?
a: It goes pretty smoothly until you start hitting the rock. 

q: Has anyone ever told you what it's like to be royally screwed?
a: Let me fill you in.

q: What do you call a bee in a space rocket?
a: bracket

q: beautiful?
a: A lawyer was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!"; and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple minutes later his eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're cute!"; Well, the wife was dissapointed because instead of "beautiful"; it was "cute"; She said "What happened to 'beautiful'?" His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"

q: How does the devil measure his drugs?
a: In pentagrams

q: Why did the virus get a ticket?
a: Because he was driving under the influenza......

q: What do you call glass cookware from Jamaica?
a: Pyrex of the Caribbean

q: Who's Leonardo Dicaprio's least favorite Sesame Street character?
a: Oscar im so sorry

q: What do you call a Rapper who smokes too much?
a: Tupac-aday

q: How do you make a Snowman smile?
a: Tell him the snowblower is coming.

q: Why couldn't the grape help his friend move on Saturday?
a: because he was in a jam

q: Why couldn't the Dairy Queen have any kids?
a: Because she married Mr. Softy! 

q: Why was the tea so obstinate?
a: Because it was steeped in tradition. 

q: What's the difference between Limburger cheese and my friend Ted?
a: One is white and stinks, and the other is cheese. (As told to me by the UPS guy)

q: What do you call a king's fart?
a: Noble gas

q: What do you call four mexicans drowning?
a: Quattro sinko.

q: What do you call a window that can rap?
a: Two Panes

q: Why was the blonde girl sitting on the roof?
a: Someone told her drinks were on the house. 

q: What did the drug dealer say to his long time girlfriend?
a: Marriage-u-wanna?

q: What do you call the useless skin around the vagina?
a: The woman.

q: where does a Finnish child molester go when his ship sinks?
a: Helsinki

q: What do ghosts wear?
a: Boo Jeans

q: Did you know that 50% of the Chinese have cataracts?
a: The rest drive rincolns.

q: What did the mexican say when two houses fell on him?
a: Get off me, homes!

q: How do u kill a blonde ?
a: Give her a knife and ask her who is the prettiest of all  . 

q: Why is China a communist country?
a: Because nobody wants to hold an erection.

q: What happened when the pig ran into his ex?
a: there was a porkward silence

q: Want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite?
a: NaBrO!!

q: What do you call a military base that has quadrupled in size?
a: Four-tified

q: What do bulimic stone masons do?
a: Binge and parge.

q: What did one Labium say to the other Labium?
a: We were tight until that Dick came between us.

q: What do Jewish women get when they go to the gynecologist?
a: A pap schmear.

q: How many existentialists does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: Two, one to change the light-bulb, and one to observe how it symbolizes an incandescent beacon of subjectivity in a netherworld of cosmic nothingness.  This is courtesy of Spencer Reid.(CM)

q: What's the best wood to make a golf club out of?
a: Taiga Wood

q: Why does a chicken coop has two doors?
a: If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan

q: How many political idealists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None, political idealists can't change anything.

q: Why is Bieber never late?
a: because he's always justin time

q: Welche vier Flsse kennt jede Blondine?
a: Rhein, Inn, Main, Po

q: What did Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson have in common?
a: Neil Armstrong walked on the moon.  Whereas, Michael Jackson...... Fucked little kids! I saw a video clip of one of the guys from "The Bloodhound Gang" tell a version this joke. Best delivery ever! (Just giving credit. Or blame).

q: How many Borg does it take to change a light bulb?
a: All of them.

q: What did the right crazy-saggy boob say to the left crazy-saggy boob?
a: If we don't get some support soon, people are gonna think we're nuts. 

q: What do you call it when a dj gets a blowjob while he's on the air?
a: Radiohead. 

q: What do they call the lottery in Africa?
a: Celebrity adoption.

q: Why didn't the bike go to the car show?
a: Because he was two tired.

q: To whom do agnostics pray?
a: To whom it may concern.

q: What do you call a sick bird who has crossed a national border without consent?
a: An ILL-EAGLE! 2X COMBO

q: How do you make a clown cry?
a: Kill his entire family.

q: What did one testicle say to the other testicle?
a: This guy in middle is a dick.

q: What makes the scarecrow so good at his job?
a: He's outstanding in his field

q: What do you call a fart from a paraplegic?
a: Inert gas.

q: What did the little acorn say when it got planted and grew up?
a: Geometry.

q: Why is American Beer like making love in a canoe?
a: Because it's fucking close to water.

q: What's the difference between my dick and my paycheck?
a: I don't have to beg my wife to blow my paycheck.

q: What do you call a singing group trio of pre-op Trannies?
a: Chixie Dicks 

q: Why did the hippie stick his penis in the chick peas?
a: Because he was a hummusexual...

q: why do i love bananas so much?
a: they have a peel

q: How can you tell if a woman's picture is photoshopped?
a: She isn't standing in the kitchen 

q: What does a Bears fan do when his team wins the Superbowl?
a: He turns off his Xbox, and goes to bed.

q: How many terrorists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: none, they blew it up already.

q: How does a Mexican build a house?
a: Juan nail at a time.

q: What's pink and wrinked and hangs out my Y-fronts?
a: My mum.

q: What's so great about nihilism?
a: Nothing.

q: How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Only one, but it takes a shitload of lightbulbs.

q: What kind of bagel did the camper eat?
a: A winnebago.

q: Why did the blind fly starve to death??
a: Because he couldn't see shit 

q: Why did the DJ get fired as a waiter?
a: Because he'd drop everything

q: Why does everyone hate German sausage jokes?
a: Because they're the wurst.

q: Why do people call their weed the Koran?
a: Because if your burn it, it gets you stoned

q: Why did the Pakistani cook get fired?
a: He could only cook eggs Sunni side up and, honestly, they tasted like Shi'ite.

q: How many kids with ADD does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?         My all time favorite joke.  Sorry if it has already been posted but who has the time to browse all of  .

q: How many immature people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: 69.

q: What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use?
a: Triple Eh's.

q: What is gay pride?
a: A group of homosexual lions

q: How many babies does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. Babies don't have the motor skills or the depth perception to change a light bulb.

q: Did you hear about the linoleum factory in France that exploded?
a: The locals call it Linoleum Blown-apart.

q: What's the dating scene like at MIT?
a: Carbon-14 is the most common method, I believe.

q: What do you call a gay light fixture?
a: A chandiqueer

q: How do you tell if somebody doesn't have a smartphone?
a: Just wait, they'll tell you.

q: How many shrinks does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but the light bulb really has to want to change.

q: What colour animals have the most sex?
a: Brown Chicken, Brown Cow

q: How many Marines does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Four, one to change it and three to comment on the changing.

q: Did you hear the one about the umbrella in the trench coat and sunglasses?
a: He was looking shady.

q: Did you hear about the guy that farted in church?
a: He had to sit in his own pew.

q: Why didn't Toronto's mayor tell us earlier about his drug use?
a: It must have fallen through a crack.

q: How many bodybuilders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two.  One to do it, a second to keep yelling, "You're lookin' BIG, man!"

q: Why couldn't Beethoven find his teacher?
a: Because he was Haydn.

q: Did you hear about the Vietnam veteran who became a sewage worker?
a: He's seen some shit.

q: How many 9GAGers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Exactly the same amount as the Redditors on   and   . 

q: how many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: probably just one, but we may never know because they're all way too busy coming up with lightbulb jokes.

q: How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Depends on how clumsy you are.

q: Math joke: Why do so many math majors confuse Halloween and Christmas?
a: Because Oct 31 is Dec 25

q: What has over a hundred teeth and keeps back Godzilla?
a: my zipper!

q: how do you call those guys who hang around with musicians all the time?
a: Drummers. 

q: How many light bulbs did it take to screw a human?
a: None, there not too bright with doing anything except showing us where to go when were lost in the dark

q: What does 90 year old pussy taste like?
a: .....Depends. 

q: What did the underweight onion say to the garlic?
a: No more light bulb jokes!

q: What do old lady vaginas smell like?
a: Depends.

q: [Russian Joke] What will the results of the next election be?
a: No one knows! The results were stolen from the Politburo just last night!

q: How many Irish does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to hold it in the socket and the other to drink until the room starts spinning!

q: Man goes to his son and asks 'Did you tip over the outhouse'?
a: Son says, 'Father, I cannot tell a lie: I tipped over the outhouse into the creek'.  Father says 'That's it, you're going to the woodshed for some serious ass-whuppin!'  'But Father, George Washington told his dad the truth about chopping down the cherry tree and didn't get punished!'  'George Washington's father wasn't IN the cherry tree!' 

q: Why was Karl Marx against Chinese mutes?
a: Because he hated the B shu!

q: How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Light bulb.

q: Where do magical animals go to jail?
a: Azkabarn

q: How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but he'd have to watch Radiohead do it first.

q: What do you call a vibrating cat?
a: An ocellate.

q: How many bassists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None. Just have the keybord player do it with their left hand.

q: how many pop punkers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: five, one to drop it and four to two step and PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP!

q: How many ska kids does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Three;  one to drop the bulb and two to yell "pick it up pick it up!"

q: How many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Seven. One to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.

q: Why aren't there more jokes based on haptics?
a: It's a touchy subject.

q: How many friendzoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They'll just compliment it and get pissed when it doesn't screw.

q: How many Arabs does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They'll sit in the dark and blame the Jews

q: What movie aspect ratio do cats prefer?
a: Litterbox.

q: You know what's gay?
a: Two men having sex. Whats gayer than two men having sex? Three gay men having sex.  What's even gayer? An infinite number of gay men having sex.

q: Why do Jews watch porno movies in reverse?
a: Because they like the part where the hooker gives the money back to the guy.

q: What's the best kind of bee?
a: Boo-bees

q: What happens if I make a cake with washing soda, not baking soda?
a: You end up clean round the bend.  Apologies for stealing the title from   

q: What is Popeye's favorite Led Zeppelin song?
a: Olive My Love

q: What do you call somebody after you give them a noogie?
a: A knucklehead.

q: Why do pirates take so long to learn the alphabet?
a: Because they often spend years at C  EDIT: made it more punny

q: What's the definition of "trust"?
a: Two cannibals doing 69.

q: How does every black guy joke start?
a: By looking over your shoulder!

q: What do you call a mexican protein?
a: Amigo Acid

q: What's the difference between a drummer and shoes in a dryer?
a: Nothing.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal in the colosseum?
a: He was gladiator.

q: Why should you bury indians 10 feet deep?
a: Because deep down they're good people

q: Why didn't the ghost go to the dance?
a: He had no body to dance with

q: What does Nic Cage have in common with Asian fathers?
a: Oh God, not the B's! Not the B's!

q: What do you find in a pumpkins pants?
a: A Halloweenie!

q: Why are recycle bins optimistic?
a: Because they're full of cans. 

q: Why did the skeleton leave the party?
a: Because everyone was calling him a bone-head. (I was 6 when I came up with that).

q: Why did the ghost get kicked out of the bar?
a: EDIT: Formatting.

q: Why did the Eskimos have to stop partying?
a: because they ran out of Natural Light

q: Why didn't ken and barbie ever have kids?
a: Because ken always comes in a different box.

q: How do you make a ginger snap?
a: Call them "carrot top"

q: Why did the ghost go into the elevator?
a: To lift his spirits.

q: What is green and has cake?
a: Grass. The cake is a lie.

q: What does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac spend most of his time doing?
a: Staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: What did batman say to robin before they got in the car?
a: get in the car :P

q: What do you call a fat cow..?
a: Your mum

q: What was the victim of the car crash wearing?
a: A Casualty (Casual-Tee, as in Tee-Shirt) 100% Guraneed Originality You can know for sure I made it up because of how corny it is...

q: How you turn a washer into a snow blower?
a: Hand her a shovel

q: Why does Naruto vomit after every meal?
a: He's 

q: How often did the asian cow go to the gym?
a: Dairy

q: What is 1 + 1?
a: 3 if you don't use protection. 

q: how do socks reproduce?
a: they have socks. goodnight folks

q: What is Kanye West's favourite kind of omelette?
a: Omeletteyoufinish -stolen from raininginreverse on tumblr.

q: Whats black and sits at the top of the stairs after a house fire?
a: Stephen Hawking's

q: What do you call an Asian pornstar?
a: Wun-Hung-Lo

q: How long does it take King Zora to move out of your way?
a: A week, a week, a week, a week, a week, a week.

q: What do you call a Russian wearing a head scarf, a balaclava and a helmet?
a: Anything you want. He can't hear a thing.

q: What happened when the joker dropped an elephant carrying a ten ton weight on Batman and Robin?
a: They became flatman and ribbon.  has left the building.

q: Did you hear about the serial killer who was coming out of retirement?
a: He's taking another stab at it.

q: what do you get when you cross a donkey and an onion?
a: an ass that'll bring a tear to your eye

q: What does a virgin eat for breakfast?
a: Has it been that long (Depending on the audience, it may be important to complete with a comedic pause and) ... ... since breakfast?

q: What's the greatest trick the Austrians ever pulled off?
a: It was to convince the world that Mozart was Austrian and that Hitler in fact was German. 

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Ferrarri?
a: Porcupines have pricks on the outside.

q: What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?
a: Tennish

q: How do Ghosts get Drunk?
a: Booze.

q: What causes a pilot to cry after sex?
a: ...the 

q: What did the 2 tampons say to each other?
a: Nothing because they were both stuck up cunts.

q: The best part about being ugly?
a: You don't have to change your profile picture for Halloween.

q: What's the difference between a wife and a girlfriend?
a: My girlfriend knows about my wife.

q: Did you hear about the guy with a jurisprudence fetish?
a: He got off on a technicality.

q: What do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed?
a: Oh,the humanities! 

q: What kind of jokes does a mute clown tell?
a: Dumb ones!

q: What do Asians do during an erection?
a: They vote

q: How many mathematician does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: pi

q: What did the boy pee say to the girl pee?
a: Urine angel. 

q: Sayings always said with sarcasm. Any examples?
a: I hate to say I told you so. No sarcasm: I...I truly hate to say I told you so.

q: Why don't mathematicians ever get blackout drunk?
a: They know their limits.

q: It's My First Cake Day and I'm Scrambling. How Does Moses Make his Tea?
a: He Brews It!

q: What is Michael Jackson's favorite piano chord?
a: A-minor

q: Why did the paraplegic man cross the road?
a: He couldn't

q: Did you see that new porno for necrophiliacs?
a: It's called "Sex Feet Under".

q: What is the motto for the Epilepsy Research Society?
a: Sieze the day

q: Why is North Korea so lame?
a: It's got no Seoul.

q: What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet?
a: DownlOdin. What do you call getting a movie about Norse gods from the Internet illegally?  Thorrenting. 

q: Did you hear about the psychic midget who is wanted by the FBI?
a: She's a small medium at large.

q: What does the B in Benoit B Mandelbrot stand for?
a: Benoit B Mandelbrot.

q: What has a tongue, cannot walk, but gets around a lot?
a: Steven Hawking

q: Why did the German watchmaker say to the watch that kept saying "Tick, tick, tick, tick,..."?
a: "Ve haff vays of meking you tock."

q: When is the only time you can park like a retard?
a: In a handicapped spot.

q: What's the difference between humor and odor?
a: Humor is a shift of wit...

q: Why was the skeleton embarrassed?
a: Because he had a boner.

q: Do you know what a sex stone is?
a: It's just a fucking rock.

q: What do you call the teacher who lost her baby?
a: Miss Carriage

q: What did the NSA agent say to the other NSA agent when he saw the German Chancellor?
a: I'd tap that.

q: What do you call a tooth in a glass?
a: A one molar solution.

q: What did one tampon say to the other when they passed each other on the street?
a: Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches. 

q: What happens to the cannibal who is late to the party?
a: He gets the cold shoulder.

q: Why was the airport depressed?
a: It had a terminal illness.

q: What did the hat say to the other hat?
a: You stay here. I'll go on a head.

q: Wanna hear a pun about a sausage?
a: It's the Wurst.

q: What is the hardest part about eating vegetables?
a: The wheelchair.

q: Why did the lollipop cross the road?
a: ... Cause it was stuck to the chicken. I heard that on the radio today. I LOLed.

q: How many mutants do you need to take over a Ship?
a: 5 MutantA MutantB MutantC MutantD and Mutiny 

q: What is your favorite joke about women?
a: Q: Why don't women wear watches? A: Because there is a clock on the stove.

q: When does a heterosexual man leave a gay bar?
a: Straight away. 

q: How do you know when you're REALLY drunk ?
a: ANS - When you are lying face down in your front lawn and you have to hold onto the grass to keep from falling off.

q: Yo gurl is your dad in prison?
a: 'cause if I was your dad I'd be in prison.

q: too soon?
a: Knock knock? Who's there?  9/11! 9/11 who? So much for "NEVER FORGET"

q: What happened to the Greek dairy farmer who got robbed on his way to market?
a: He was un-feta-ed of his cheese.

q: What do you get when you roll weed on a dictionary?
a: ...High Definition

q: Why shouldn't you join Alcoholics Anonymous on Thanksgiving?
a: Because all they serve is cold turkey.

q: Do these jeans make me look fat?
a: wife : Do these jeans make me look fat?  Me totally scared: Would you get mad if i tell you the truth?  Wife : No, i won't! Tell me.  Me : I slept with your sister  

q: REQUEST: any Greg Giraldo jokes or is it still too soon?
a: I think the world is ready. Shoot!

q: Got any funny fortune cookie idea's?
a: I own a restaurant and I have extremely funny fortune cookies, but I'm running out of fortune ideas! Help me! I need some raunchy, dirty and insulting fortunes! Show me what you got and you could see them in a fortune cookie one day!

q: What do you call a dictatorship founded on the principles of Ethos, Logos & Pathos?
a: An Aristotalitarian Regime.

q: Why doesn't UGA ever have a nativity scene at Christmas?
a: Because they can't find three wise men and a virgin.

q: Did you hear about the Bob Marley impersonator?
a: He's dreadful.

q: Why can't ghosts make babies?
a: They have hollow weenies!  .... And I'll just see myself out.

q: Did you hear about that party at Thor's?
a: No, I guess you wouldn't have; he kept it pretty Loki.

q: What's the difference between a bad coffee in Switzerland and a bad coffee in Italy?
a: When you drink a bad coffee in Switzerland you say, "Merci!". 

q: Did you know that Native Americans were really good strippers?
a: Every time they danced, they made it rain.

q: What's the best part of having sex with twenty one year olds?
a: There's twenty of 'em.

q: Why doesn't Rihanna smoke weed anymore?
a: Because she's taken enough hits.

q: Why should you always finish telling your jokes to David Carradine?
a: He doesn't like to be left hanging.

q: Where does Dracula live?
a: Monte Cristo

q: Opposites?
a: What is the difference between light and hard?  If a man tries long enough, he can sleep with a light on... 

q: How amphetamine addiction is called?
a: Need for Speed.

q: How do birds record their songs ?
a: On duck tape  !

q: Why did President Kennedy never get drunk?
a: He wasn't very good at taking shots.

q: What happened to the fly that sat on the toilet seat?
a: He got pissed off.

q: What's the difference between a rectal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
a: The taste!

q: How do you know when the drummer has shown up for band practice?
a: He won't stop banging at the door.

q: What is 6 inches long 2 inches wide and makes a woman crazy?
a: $100 bill.

q: How do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking...?
a: ...WMD40. 

q: What did the rock say when he went metamorphic?
a: "Holy schist."

q: Why did the cannibal have an upset stomach?
a: He ate someone who disagreed with him.

q: What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence?
a: An udder disaster.

q: What's the best part of punching a tranny in the face?
a: You get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt!

q: Have you ever read "The Longest Joke in the World"?
a: Now you have.

q: What did the chinese guy tell the police when he was caught?
a: You got the Wong guy.

q: Did you hear about the Dick that graduated from Law School?
a: He was appointed first attorney genital. 

q: Did you hear about the clarinet player who left her clarinet in the backseat of her unlocked car?
a: When she got back, there were 14 more.

q: How are teenaged boys like the enzyme helicase?
a: They both want to unzip your genes! credit goes to Hank from CrashCourse on Youtube :)

q: Did you know that yeast cells are incestuous?
a: They're in-bread.

q: Did you hear about the guy who mixed viagra and laxatives?
a: He didn't know if he was coming or going.

q: [Reguest] Can you tell me a joke that's translatable in any language?
a: So not jokes like the current front page:

q: Did you hear about corduroy pillow cases?
a: They're making all the headlines! Never said it was a good joke...

q: How do they make Holy Water?
a: They boil the hell out of it.

q: Who is a bodybuilder's favourite painter?
a:    

q: Why do drummers carry transparent lunchboxes?
a: So they know if they are going to the gig, or coming from it. Ta-boom!

q: What do you call a person of mixed heritage from eastern Turkey/northern Iraq, and from Wisconsin?
a: A Cheese Kurd.

q: Why should you wash your hair with counterfeit feces?
a: Because it's sham poo.

q: Why do Africans wear baggy pants?
a: Because their knee grows.

q: What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus?
a: It only took 1 nail to hang the picture.

q: What's brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
a: Dr. Dre

q: Do Rabbis get paid for performing circumcisions?
a: Nope, they just keep the tips.

q: Why didn't the man buy Velcro shoes?
a: ....because they were a rip off

q: I know they're bad but ya wanna know why I love dead baby jokes?
a: They never get old.

q: Did you hear about the new Canadian pornographic news network?
a: I'll jizz here, eh?

q: Did you hear they're going to print the Daily Mail on A1 sheets?
a: It's pretty big news.

q: What does Sean Connery call a greedy oyster?
a: Shellfish.

q: What do you call a midget with leprosy?
a: A leperchaun! 

q: What do you call a black guy in a cockpit?
a: A pilot, you racist bastard.

q: What does Al-Libi use for his defense during his trial?
a: His alibi.

q: what's the difference between a normal consumer and a prostitute?
a: A normal consumer aims to get the most bang for their buck. A prostitute aims to get the most buck for their bang.

q: How do you know when your dog is a bad hot dog?
a: When it's pure bread.

q: What did the cumulus cloud say to the stratus cloud?
a: Why arent you precipitating?  (a joke me and my buddy came up with while driving. and its scientifically correct. lol)

q: Why did the pirate's rap song become such a hit?
a: The bass was pegged, his hook was just right, and it made all the girls shake they booty. 

q: what did Cindarella say when she got to the ball?
a: {choking noises}

q: Cop Jokes?
a: I need some really good cop jokes for a cop buddy of mine who is retiring, he asked for us to bring him the best so I turned to you guys. Have a field day! Edit: Thanks to everyone who posted a joke!

q: What is the difference between a girl in church and a girl in a bathtub?
a: The girl in church has hope in her soul

q: What does DMX say when he has trouble putting on a hoodie?
a: WHERE DA HOOD WHERE DA HOOD WHERE DA HOOD AT?

q: What do you call tension in the percussion section?
a: Druma

q: Why did the pony have such a hard time talking?
a: He was a little horse

q: What did the Australian say when he won a game of chess?
a: Cheers, mate.

q: Did you hear Miley Cyrus got a new job?
a: Coworkers say she has an excellent Twerk ethic

q: Did you hear they recently opened a bar on the moon?
a: The cocktails are great, but it has no atmosphere. 

q: Why is a dance like a bowl of cereal?
a: They are both more enjoyable with dates!

q: What did the picky cow say?
a: Mewww.

q: How are lawyers and apples similar?
a: They both look good hanging from a tree

q: What's a four letter word for intercourse ending with K?
a: Talk

q: Why did the storm trooper buy an iPhone?
a: Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for. 

q: What did the doe say when she came out of the woods?
a: I'm never doing that for two bucks again!

q: Sweetie, will you buy me a cellphone?
a: : Sweetie, will you buy me a cellphone?   : What about the other one?   : The other one is buying me a tablet.

q: Why didn't Tim have any friends while he was studying fishing?
a: Because he would just go home and master bait.

q: What do you call a lawyer up to his neck in cement?
a: Not enough cement EDIT: Okay thanks for pointing out that I messed up the wording but the joke is supposed to be the funny part

q: Matt Schaub and Eli Manning walk into a bar. What happened?
a: They order a beer sampler and the bartender tells them to pick 6.

q: What did the wolfman say to the sentient AI?
a: I am a were

q: How does Bob Marley like his doughnuts?
a: He doesn't, he's dead!

q: How far can you walk into the forest?
a: Halfway, when you walk further then you will walk out of the forest! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH

q: Why do mermaids wear seashells?
a: Because their boobs are too big for b-shells.

q: What is the difference between "ooo" and "aaa"?
a: About three centimeters. 

q: What do you call the bad part of Italy?
a: Spaghetto.

q: What's the difference between Twitter and Game of Thrones?
a: Twitter only allows 140 characters. 

q: What's the best thing about twenty-three year olds?
a: There's 20 of them

q: Did i tell you that someone hit me over the head with a power tool the other day?
a: Minding my own business, then next minute BOSCH.

q: What do you call someone who confuses Emma Stone and Mila Kunis in a movie?
a: A bad judge of character. 

q: How do old people go to the bathroom?
a: Depends.

q: What did the armless warrior say to his opponent before battle?
a: You're about to meet da-feet!

q: What do you call it when a lizard has problems in the bedroom?
a: A reptile dysfunction

q: Why cant miss piggy count to 70?
a: Because when she gets to 69 she gets a frog in her throat.

q: If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
a: the answer isnt congress

q: Divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter, and what do you get?
a: Pumpkin pi.

q: Why did the hipster burn his mouth on the pizza?
a: He ate it before it was cool.

q: What would you have if all autos in the US were painted pink?
a: A Pink Car Nation!

q: Why does green think yellow is such a slut?
a: Because yellow blue red.

q: What did the blind prostitute say to the guy with five dicks?
a: I don't see where you're coming from.

q: What's the difference between an accordion and an onion?
a: No one cries when you cut up an accordion

q: Why did the girl blush when she opened the fridge?
a: She saw the salad dressing.

q: What does violent diarrhoea and a bar fight have in common?
a: Blood on your stool

q: What do you call a male cow wearing a pink shirt, orange shorts, and a purple backpack?
a: Adorable (A-dora-bull)

q: How many hippies does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Hippies can't change anything. And they smell bad.

q: Why could the witch never get the enchantments right?
a: She forgot to use Spell Check.

q: How many Deadheads (Grateful Dead fans) does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: No one knows, they wait for it to burn out and follow it around for twenty years.

q: What's the definition of macho?
a: Jogging home from your vasectomy. 

q: What's a clown's favorite thing to eat?
a: Really anything that's heavy enough to beat somebody to death with, such as a motorcycle helmet or a cannonball.

q: What did one earthquake say to the other?
a: "I don't know what your blaming me for, it's your fault!"

q: Why did the melon plan a big elaborate wedding?
a: Because he cantaloupe.

q: What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other?
a: Lets get Jobs!

q: How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern?
a: With a pumpkin patch!

q: What do you call a women who cant draw?
a: Trace

q: What do you call a rape in the military?
a: A flashbang.

q: Why are Apple products popular with hipsters?
a: Steve Jobs went underground.

q: A challenge for /r/jokes: What's your funniest yet least known joke?
a: I have a friend that absolutely loves cheesy, question and answer jokes and I wanna make a card with a list of them! The problem is that she knows just about every joke known to man so I challenge you   to give me hilarious, short jokes that aren't very widely known. Make me laugh!

q: How Do You Kill An Anorexic?
a: Tell Her To Lose Just One More Pound And She'll Be Beautiful.

q: Why are there exactly two hundred and thirty nine beans in an Irish Bean Soup?
a: Because if there were one more, it'd be two forty. (Too farty) [This works much better when spoken out loud. The joke how Irish people pronounce "forty."]

q: What do you get if an elephant has sex with a rabbit?
a: A dead rabbit with a gaping asshole.

q: How do you know which potato is a prostitute?
a: It's the one that says, "Idaho."

q: What do you have in a room full of tweakers?
a: A full set of teeth.

q: How do you get a black guy out of a tree?
a: Cut the rope!

q: In what month are Rabbis dishonest?
a: Jew-lie

q: What's the difference between an Irish Catholic and a Roman Catholic?
a: A few notches on the belt buckle.

q: What does Matthew Shephard hate more than being raped, having AIDS, and being pistol whipped?
a: Camping.

q: Why wouldn't you ask the zebra for music advice?
a: Because he only knows about The White Stripes.

q: What do you call a robotic priest?
a: The Sermonator. 

q: How did the detective solve his cold-case?
a: He put it in a conviction-oven.

q: Why was Noah a great economist?
a: He kept his stock afloat while everything else was in liquidation.

q: Why don't electrical engineers get girls?
a: Because they can resistor.

q: What's the difference between a black guy and a pizza?
a: A pizza can feed a family of four.

q: Does your face hurt?
a: Well it's killing me.

q: Are you a VIRGIN?
a: Joe had a blind date with Maria for the prom and, as the evening progressed, he found himself more and more attracted to her. After some really passionate embracing, he said: "Tell me, do you object to making love?" "That is something I have never done before," Maria replied. "Never made love? You mean you are a virgin?" Joe was amazed! "No, silly," she giggled, "I've never objected!"

q: What do you say to a thin American?
a: Hows the chemotherapy going?

q: Have you ever seen the inside of an ac compressor?
a: Its really cool.

q: What did 50 cent say to his grandma after she crocheted him a sweater?
a: G!  You knit!

q: What do you call it when you wake up with a boner and wait till you go limp to urinate?
a: Atro-Pee

q: why do women fake orgasms?
a: because they think men care.

q: Hey reddit, guess what's funnier than 24?
a: 25

q: where do you send a jewish kid with ADD?
a: to a concentration camp.

q: What does a sperm cell have in common with a lawyer?
a: Both have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human being.

q: When is a testicular tumor like a bingo ball?
a: when it's B-9

q: how do you make pickle bread?
a: with dill dough

q: what is the difference between mosquito and prostitute?
a: One sucks free of cost while the other is paid for sucking

q: What is the difference between a guitar player and government bonds?
a: Government bonds mature over time and earn money

q: So a man buying stolen goods gets caught, and is given one phone call, who does he call?
a: His de-fence attorney!

q: Why are Nazis such bad DJs?
a: Because they dont get the difference between 33 and 45.

q: How do you get a bass player off of your porch?
a: You pay for your pizza.

q: did you hear about the Chinese lift repairman?
a: , it was Wong on so many levels. 

q: Can't remember the name of that 80's song, huh?
a: You might have Wham!nesia...

q: What do cubs fans do after they win the world series?
a: They turn off their Xbox.

q: How does Lil Wayne get inspiration for his new music?
a: He listens to his old music.

q: What's the difference between the Olympic long distance race and the Paralympic long distance race?
a: A lap

q: Why did the male spider spin a web?
a: So he could catch all the fly ladies.

q: Did anyone see the original joke posted on this sub today?
a: Neither did I.

q: Whats the least paying job?
a: British dentist.

q: What do you call a group of fundamentalist mathematicians?
a: Al-Gebra

q: Did you hear about the 6 guys and the woman that went fishing?
a: The guys didn't catch anything, but the woman came home with a red snapper.

q: Whats the only white thing about a black guy?
a: His owner.

q: Why is NASA having a lawsuit filed against them from animal protection?
a: ...because curiosty killed the cat

q: What's the difference between a Snickers and my girlfriend?
a: Snickers satisfies.

q: (This one is better when spoken) Did you hear about the man with two penises?
a: Yep. First one he named Jose. Second one he named hose B.(again, better spoken)

q: What's the difference between GTA V Online and a non-essential government employee?
a: Nothing neither one has been working since Tuesday...

q: Who's the world most famous blacksmith?
a: Will Smith

q: How many members of Linkin Park does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, cuz in the end it doesn't even matter!!!

q: How do you make a handkerchief dance?
a: You put a little boogie in it!

q: How many members of Coldplay does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one, but he has to see Radiohead do it first.

q: What don't you want to hear after performing oral sex on Willie Nelson?
a: I'm not Willie Nelson.

q: What's the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb?
a: You can unscrew a lightbulb. 

q: Did you hear that the Jim Henson company is making a show about meth-cooking?
a: They're calling it Borking Bad.

q: Why does riding in an elevator make ghosts happy?
a: It lifts spirits

q: Where do Pandas live?
a: On the road to Extinction.

q: Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about freedom?
a: Because freedom rings.  Bazinga!

q: What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus?
a: Santa stops after three ho's.

q: What did the farmer say after he fed his cows pot?
a: "the Steaks are high."

q: Why does Michael Jackson like 26 year Olds?
a: Because there are twenty of them.

q: Do you hear about the 2 Irish gays?
a: Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael.

q: What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffet have in common?
a: They both had kurds in their way. (Curds in their whey.) ***This joke is phonetically superior to its' written version.

q: What was the console gamer's New Years Resolution?
a: 1280x720

q: How are bad dubstep and constipation similar?
a: Both leave you waiting for the drop.

q: Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison?
a: RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!

q: What's the difference between the jokes from today and next week's jokes?
a: The posters.

q: What do you call an incredibly well-dressed punk?
a: The Speaker of the House

q: Why did the airport luggage checker refuse to date the depressed man?
a: he had to much baggage

q: Did you hear about that guy going around stealing everybody's Flamin' Hot Cheetos?
a: He was caught red-handed! ...I'll see myself to the door.

q: Where did Susie go during the bombing?
a: Everywhere.

q: Why is the letter E lazy?
a: Because it's always in bed.

q: Why don't gays like to play hide-and-seek?
a: Because everyone knows they're in the closet

q: What did the leper say to the hooker?
a: Keep the tip.

q: What's fun about having sex with twenty-one year olds?
a: You know, there is twenty of them

q: What do you call it when a guy fucks a girl and never calls her again?
a: A hit and run

q: What do you call bees that make milk instead of honey?
a: BOOBIES XD 

q: Why do you hate a nosey pepper?
a: Cuz he's jalapeno .business

q: Did you hear about the new anti-depressant for lesbians?
a: It's called tricoxagain.

q: What color are your panties, babe?
a: Boy: What color are your panties, babe? Girl: Why do you keep asking me stupid questions, don't you ever think about anything else? Boy: Ok, do you think the republicans should support the congress with their decision to raise the debt ceiling ? Girl:You know i am wearing your favourite purple lace panties..You want a pic?

q: How can you tell that a black person used your computer?
a: It's gone.

q: Why don't churches, synagogues, mosques and temples have Wi-Fi?
a: Because religions don't like competing with an invisible power that actually works.

q: Why do women prefer 77 more than 69?
a: Because they get 8 (ate) more. Repurposed from a    comment.

q: What is the difference between a Greek spearman and a pale beer?
a: One is hoplite, and the other a light hops.

q: How do you get down off an elephant?
a: You don't. You get down off a goose. 

q: What was the last thing that went through the fly's head when he hit the windshield?
a: His ass.

q: Where does biggest potato grow?
a: Under the ground.

q: Why don't lobsters share?
a: Because they're shellfish...

q: What is the difference between a hormone and a enzyme ?
a: You can't hear an enzyme.

q: Why did the 14 year old Mexican girl end up pregnant?
a: Because her teacher told her to go do an essay.

q: What does seven days without exercise make?
a: One weak! 

q: Did you hear about the guy ducking charges of sheep rape?
a: He's on the lam.

q: Why do dwarfs always laugh when they are playing football?
a: Because the grass tickles there balls

q: Why doesn't a chicken coop have four doors?
a: Because if it did it would be a chicken sedan.

q: Why is it so tough to please girls?
a: They take classes on mass debating. 

q: Why did the lights go out?
a: Because they liked each other.

q: Do ya know the difference between Scots and Scotch?
a: Ay now. A Scot is a lad that can play the pipes. Scotch is what makes it so that he canna.

q: Why is it so hard to explain metaphors to a kleptomaniac?
a: Because they always take things... Literally

q: What is the last thing you want to hear after sucking Willie Nelsons dick?
a: "That's not Willie Nelson."

q: Who's the most badass flower salesman?
a: Chuck Florist

q: Why should I date you?
a: Girl - Give me 1 good reason, why I should date you? Guy - I'll give you 69.

q: Where did Pedobear go to college?
a: Brigham Young

q: What jokes do you know that can only be understood if you know two (or more) languages?
a: Like a joke that involves a pun on a word that has different meanings in different languages. Please tell us what languages they are in.

q: How do ghosts get ghouls interested in them?
a: They woooooooOOOOOOOooooo them.

q: What's the difference between the French and toast?
a: You can make soldiers out of toast!

q: I made a joke: What is a fruit bun's favourite subject in a Pub Quiz?
a: What is a fruit bun's favourite subject in a Pub Quiz? Currant affairs.

q: What do you call a prostitute with her hands up her own skirt?
a: Self Employed

q: Why can't you tell knock knock jokes about freedom?
a: Because freedom rings

q: Repost- How do you circumcise a redneck?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: How were you conceived?
a: Daddy came on his shoe and kicked mommy in the ass. Or Daddy came on the wall and mommy ran against the wall.

q: What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish Highlander?
a: Mick Jagger sings, "Hey you, get off of my cloud . . ", while the Scottish Highlander yells, "Hey McCloud, get off of my ewe!"

q: Why was 6 afraid if 7?
a: Because 7 is a registered 6 offender  

q: What do call groups of the 5 most dangerous animals?
a: A troop of gorillas  A shiver of sharks  A streak of tigers  A band of Indians  And a gang of niggers.   

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and an angry rooster?
a: The rooster clucks defiance.       

q: What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynecologist?
a: One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.

q: Have you watched the documentary about sponges?
a: It's absorbing.

q: Did ya' hear about the bear that tried to fly from British Columbia to New York?
a: They wouldn't let him bring his carrion. Sorry.

q: Why does the dyslexic Spanish speaker have a poor self image?
a: His chemistry teacher told him he was mostly made of cabron.

q: What's the difference between a well dressed man and a tired dog?
a: The man wears a full suit, the dog just pants

q: What's the difference between fancy food and military food?
a: Fancy food is delicious, but military food is deliciousir!

q: Why do comedians hate noble gasses?
a: They give no reaction.

q: What's the worst thing about sex?
a: Buffering.

q: What did the bad shock tell the good shock?
a: I'm bad under pressure!! It's the lamest car joke in the world.

q: Have you heard what scientists are saying about Pluto?
a: Apparently he's too small to be a dog.

q: Did you hear about the alligator who couldn't get a hard-on?
a: He had a reptile dysfunction.

q: What do Roman Doctors call I.V.s?
a: Fours

q: What do you call the Mexican version of the NSA?
a: Jalapeno Business........... 

q: Why was old Bilbo's body found with a massive erection?
a: Because old hobbits die hard.

q: What is the cheapest kind of meat you can buy?
a: Deer balls, they're under a buck.

q: What do you call Shaka Zulu with a Fire Cracker?
a: BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!

q: Did you hear about the gangsta proctologist?
a: Apparently he busted a capillary in someone's ass.

q: Where are PCs formed?
a: In the computerus.

q: Why do pirates like TIG welding so much?
a: Because they have a good supply of ARRgon.

q: What does Reddit need?
a: Ahmad.

q: What kind of online videos do fish love to watch?
a: Hardcore prawn

q: What do you call Atheism?
a: A non-prophet organization.

q: Do you know who wants some good D?
a: no, who? Football fans.

q: What do a burnt pizza, a frozen beer, and a pregnant woman have in common?
a: In all 3 cases, someone forgot to pull it out.

q: Did you hear pooh bear went gangsta?
a: He doesn't even give a bother.

q: Did you hear about the time traveler who finished his plate?
a: He went back four seconds.

q: What do you get if you cross a brown chicken and a brown cow?
a: Brown-chicken-brown-coooow 

q: What does a member of the British Royal Family say when they are reaching climax?
a: "I"m arriving, I'm arriving."

q: Why was it easier for the whistleblower to leave American soil earlier in the year?
a: It didn't Snowden.

q: What is on the Pink Panther's to-do list?
a: To-do, to-do, to-do, to-do, to-dooooooo

q: How is a computer like an air conditioner?
a: They both stop working properly when you open windows.

q: What do you call a stupid arachnid?
a: A spiDUUUUUUUR

q: What is the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl?
a: You have to drop the bomb twice.

q: Why did the pirate update his Macbook?
a: His matey told him he needed an iPatch

q: Where does a psychologist keep his boat?
a: on a Freudian Slip

q: Wanna get laid?
a: Crawl up a chicken's ass and wait. 

q: What do you call the director of Kill Bill out in the sun?
a: Squintin' Tarantino

q: What is irony?
a: When the last person you want to see is the last person you see.

q: Why did the kiddie pool have no friends?
a: Because it was too shallow.

q: Why can't pirates wear sunglasses?
a: Because they have no buccaneers! Happy speak like a pirate day!

q: What's the best part about showering with a 5 year-old?
a: The water washes away her tears

q: What does a hungry clock do?
a: He goes back four seconds.

q: Why Did Hitler commit suicide?
a: Why Did Hitler commit suicide? Because his gas bill was too high...

q: Why were the Libyans eating money?
a: They were having dinar. 

q: Why don't U2's lawyers ever make any money?
a: All their work is pro Bono.

q: What did the redditor say when he opened his package from the UniBomber?
a: Wow, I did not expect this post to blow up

q: [Mysoginistic joke] What's the definition of the perfect woman?
a: Four feet tall, fold back teeth, flat head so you can rest your beer on it, and turns into a pizza at midnight.

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger become after he resigned as Governor of California?
a: An ex-terminator.

q: Why did the thief killed himself after getting caught stealing instruments from an orchestra?
a: He didn't have a safe Hayden place, and couldn't Handel the thought of being sent Bach to prison.

q: What does a dyslexic, agnostic insomniac do at night?
a: Lie in bed wondering "Is there really a dog?"

q: Why should you never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp?
a: Because she's probably thick and tired of it!

q: How do you make a fat chick orgasm?
a: Who cares.....

q: Have you been drinking sir?
a: "Been drinking tonight sir?" The policeman asked. "I had one earlier, but that was all," I replied. "I think you've had a few more than that sir. Would you step out of the van please." "Why?" I asked. "Because the Postman Pat ride isn't really designed for adults and there's children waiting for their go."

q: What's the opposite of irony?
a: Wrinkly.

q: what happens when you pop a cherry?
a: she starts crying

q: Why do fat chicks give good head?
a: Because they have to

q: What is the most important thing for a hungry shark?
a: A-fish-in-sea. 

q: Yeah, did you hear about the really chatty snake gynecologist?
a: Well, he was good at his job, but I just couldn't stand how he kept sticking his head in my business.

q: What do you call a mathematician at the beach?
a: A tan gent.

q: Did you know that 90% of all dog in South Korea are inbred?
a: Most commonly it's whole wheat or rye

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to Beethoven on the way to the fancy dress party?
a: "I'll be Bach"

q: Did you hear about the sale of lesbian beds at IKEA?
a: No nuts or screwing; just tongue in groove

q: What did the kids say to the gay rabbit?
a: Silly faggot, Dicks are for chicks! 

q: What do you call a pepper on a string that comes back to you?
a: A Jalapenyo-yo

q: What do you call a bear in the rain?
a: A drizzly bear.

q: Why is it difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs?
a: Because they take everything literally.

q: What do you call an artist with a brown finger?
a: Picasso 

q: How do you catch a rabbit?
a: You hide in a field and make carrot noises.

q: Why did the lettuce blush?
a: Because he saw the salad dressing

q: Why is a coin factory so logical?
a: Because it makes cents.

q: Q: What's the shortest book ever written?
a: A: French War Heroes.

q: How did the hipster burn his tongue?
a: He drank his coffee before it was cool

q: What is enjoyed if it is wanted and hated if its not?
a: Democracy

q: What do you call potato friends?
a: Spuddies

q: What did the Chinese man give his daughter?
a: A clothes hanger.

q: Did you hear the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
a: He stays up all night wondering if dog exists.

q: Would you like to hear a good joke about Jonestown Massacre?
a: Nah, nevermind, the punchline is too long.

q: Have any you ever tried to throw out a garbage can ?
a: I leave it on the curb everyday, and its always there when I get back from work. 

q: What do u call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe?
a: Fur traders.

q: What did Kenny G say when he got off the elevator?
a: (from Stephen King - The Cell)

q: Why was the nerd not late for class?
a: ...He booked it.

q: How did the lesbian couple build their house?
a: Tongue and groove.

q: What did the traffic light say to the car?
a: Don't look I'm changing!

q: When does a pentagon not have 5 sides?
a: When it's intersected by a plane

q: Why couldn't the NSA do anything after the blizzard?
a: Because they were Snowden.

q: What's a hard drive's favorite band?
a: Data Remember

q: How do you get a redneck to suck your dick?
a: Put Ranch on it...

q: Why did no one laugh at the hot dogs joke?
a: Because it was too cheesy. I work at a hot dog stand and tell this from time to time.

q: What hangs at a man's thigh, and wants to poke the hole it's often poked before?
a: A key.

q: Which city u cannot enter?
a: ELECTRICITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

q: Are you fond of alternative sources for cooling technologies?
a: I'm a huge fan.

q: Why did the introduction and the conclusion break up?
a: They were just never on the same page...

q: The documentary who?
a: Knock Knock Who's there? The documentary The documentary who? The documentary Hoop Dreams.

q: What'd the Mexican say when he was upset?
a: I don't want to taco bout it.

q: What's a word that starts with "N" that you don't want to call a black person?
a: Neighbor

q: What do you call a Mexican maid with no legs?
a: Cunts way low

q: Need an ark?
a: ..I Noah guy.

q: What's a nymphomaniac's favorite candy bar?
a: Almond joy. 

q: What is the difference between cats and commas?
a: This might be better suited for   but I think its more a joke Cats have claws at the ends of it's paws commas haves pauses at the ends of its clause.

q: Why do hipsters love 'Raiders of the Lost Ark'?
a: because it was the first Indie film.

q: Why are there no Walmarts in Syria?
a: Because there is a target on every corner. Guys, this syriaous. 

q: What do you get when you suck all of the Botox out of Madonna?
a: Betty White.

q: Did you hear about the Texas hipster whose bicycle was broken?
a: He was fixin' to get his fixie fixed. 

q: Why did the Chihuahua put on a jacket?
a: Because it was a chili dog!

q: What did the gay Mexican dentist ask his boyfriend for?
a: Oral, B. 

q: Where will Miley Cyrus go when her showbiz career is over?
a: twerk

q: What do you find in a rythmic bakery?
a: A-bun-dance

q: What do you call a Japanese boy who just got beat by his dad after getting got masterbating?
a: A fap happy jappy with a slap happy pappy. 

q: What did the writer say when he glued himself to his book?
a: That's my story and I'm sticking to it.

q: what's the worst part for a zombie about eating a vegetable?
a: the wheelchair.

q: whats the difference between an old greyhound bus terminal and a lobster with 36B breasts?
a: ones a crusty bus station and the others a busty crustacean

q: What is long and hard that women don't have compulsorily?
a: The military service.

q: Is fashion all about clothes?
a: Apparelently.

q: What is the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?
a: Deer nuts are under a buck.

q: OK Reddit, whats the best 9/11 Joke You've Ever Heard?
a: i'll start it off: What was the last thing going through Mr. Jones head when he was working on the World Trade Centers 90th floor? A: The 91st floor.

q: Did you know that diarrhea is genetic?
a: It runs in your jeans!

q: What's the difference between Preston Coach Terminal and a lobster with 34e breasts?
a: One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.

q: What's the best thing to come out of Oklahoma?
a: Southbound 35.

q: Why was the young boy crying?
a: Because he had a frog stapled to his face

q: Why is Oklahoma so windy?
a: Because Kansas sucks, and Texas blows

q: Did you hear about the dog that's become the first to officially own pieces of art?
a: He's the first dog to be able to lick his own Pollocks

q: What do you call a wind that never gusts?
a: Disgusting. I'll see myself out...

q: What's the best part about being African?
a: You never have to spend time in the bathroom! I made this one on the fly while I was in there. It might have already been made, but if so, I haven't heard it. 

q: Why do cows never walk out of horror movies?
a: They're able to stomach a lot.

q: What's the difference between my penis and the Three Stooges?
a: Women don't point and laugh at the Three Stooges.

q: What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a lawyer?
a: Some adults like lawyers.

q: What kind of music does a factory worker listen to?
a: Industrial Metal

q: Where do the gays in New Mexico live?
a: Santa FE GUURLL!!!!

q: Did you hear oxygen and magnesium started dating?
a: I know, right! Like, OMg!

q: How do you send a sandwich to someone on a computer?
a: in bytes

q: What do you find in the Pope's toilet?
a: Holy shit!

q: If a person were to give a speech about Mozart, where would they be most likely to do it?
a: On the Dias  On the Dias Oh Oh Oh, on the dais.

q: What do you call someone who LOVES Wikipedia?
a: A Wikipedophile!

q: Why did the squirrel swim on its back?
a: To keep his nuts dry

q: Know how I upset my balcony?
a: I couldn't make it to the bathroom.

q: Why did the hipster burn his tongue on his pizza?
a: He ate it before it was cool. 

q: Why did the bacon laugh?
a: Because the egg cracked a yolk.

q: which city u cannot enter???????????????????????
a: ELECTRICITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)

q: What do you call it when a homeless wino robs a gay man in a park late at night?
a: A WHAM reunion.

q: Why do women wear make-up and perfume?
a: Because they're ugly and smell bad.

q: What was the Mathematician's Favorite Johnny Depp Movie?
a: s of the Carribean.

q: What's the difference between an flautist and a Porsche?
a: Most members of the band haven't been in a Porsche.

q: How does a space class start a party?
a: They planet!

q: Don't you hate people that answer their own questions?
a: I do.

q: Why did the coed have sex with a Mexican?
a: Her professor told her if she wanted to pass, she had to do an essay 

q: What do you milk you can't see?
a: Pasteurized milk.

q: guess what?
a: chicken but. lol

q: How do you re-use a condom?
a: Turn it inside-out and shake the fuck out of it.

q: What are some good conversation starter jokes you can think of?
a: Just some light jokes with bit of humor . Nothing too dark.

q: What does the DJ do when he spills acid?
a: He drops the base!

q: Do you want to know a good Jewish wine?
a: Ma, when are we going to Miami?

q: What's white and washes your socks?
a: Your wife.

q: How does a woman destroy a mans pride with 4 words?
a: Is it in yet? How does a man destroy a womans pride with 4 words? I don't know.

q: What is the best way to get over a guy/girl?
a: Truck.

q: How are you going to celebrate 9-11?
a: I go to the tallest tower in my city. Call up a pizza place and order two large planes.

q: What do you call it when you're run over by a German?
a: Hunover.

q: Why don't seagulls fly over the bay?
a: Because then you'd have to call them bagels.

q: you met the short guy who came out of the cupboard?
a: that was a low blow 

q: What is the difference between a dead baby and a water melon?
a: One's fun to hit with a sledge hammer, the other one's a water melon.

q: Why did the feminist get raped?
a: Cuz she 'asked' for it!

q: What did the metaphysicist say when he came out of the bathroom?
a: shit just got real!

q: You guys wanna hear a construction joke?
a: I'm working on it.

q: What do you name a dog with no legs?
a: "Cigarette" because you take him out for a drag.

q: Have you ever been in a Schindler's Lift?
a: If you have, then did you ever feel that it could have carried more people?

q: Why are manhole covers circular?
a: Because Rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte.

q: Why did Dr.Pepper blush?
a: He received a Sunkist from his Crush

q: What's the longest Island in New York?
a: Long Island.

q: What do deviant nuns have?
a: Big bad habits. 

q: Why did Jimmy bring his cat to school?
a: The teacher asked Jimmy, "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that pussy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'" 

q: Why do elephants drink?
a: Well, mostly to forget.....

q: What is black and white and red all over?
a: A suicide note. Edit: I already feel horrible Edit 2: I left out a semicolon

q: A Riddle: Where did the apple go when it's parents died?
a: Answer:  To a Bananas foster home.

q: What is Swizz Beatz's favorite breakfast meal?
a: Alicia Quiche 

q: Did you hear about the Scooby Doo villain who became an Olympic swimmer?
a: He would have won, if it weren't for all those medaling swimmers!

q: Why do vampires hate Texas Roadhouse?
a: They can not stand stakes!

q: do you know?
a: Did you know It takes the average American male approximately 4 minutes to have an orgasm.  Do you know how long it takes the average woman?  Who fucking cares. 

q: Did you hear there was a fire in George Bushes personal library?
a: It was awful!  Most of his books hadn't even been colored in yet.

q: Did you hear about the girl who was dating the guy with the wooden leg?
a: She broke it off

q: How do you reward a chicken journalist?
a: With a poulette surprise!

q: What is an ear of corn's favourite Leonardo DiCaprio movie?
a: Inception

q: Did you know Steve Irwin would still be alive if he wore sunscreen?
a: It protects from deadly rays.

q: Why are there fences around cemeteries?
a: people are dying to get in.

q: Why does the bass fart a half-tone flatter than every other fish?
a: He's got a   in front of his ass

q: What does picking your nose and masturbating have in common?
a: It feels fuckin awesome but when you get caught its awkward as hell.

q: Why did I cross the road?
a: Because your mom was on the other side..

q: Why did the doctor kick his patients?
a: He was trying to heel them.

q: What's the difference...?
a: What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are a dollar and deer nuts are just under a buck.

q: What's Moby Dick's dads name?
a: Poppa Boner

q: Why was Nancy always on top when the Reagans made love?
a: Ronald Reagan always fucked up.

q: Why does a fat man when squeezed compliment the ladies?
a: Because the pressure makes him flatter. 

q: Why does Mrs. Claus not have any kids?
a: Because Santa only comes once a year and that's down a chimney.

q: Why is a restless man in bed like a lawyer?
a: Because he lies on one side and then turns around and lies on the other one. 

q: Did you hear about the man who spent his whole life trying to perfect cloning technology?
a: When it finally happened, he was beside himself.

q: did you hear about the kid who read a book about anti gravity?
a: He just couldn't 

q: What's the opposite of running away and getting married?
a: Anteloping.

q: Did you hear about the magician who could create things out of thin air?
a: They contacted him to give him a TV show, but once they found out he was a fake, it never materialized.

q: What do you get when hou bring a Greek and a Swede together?
a: Moose-saka

q: Did you hear about the unreleased Western starring Bruce Lee?
a: He played Squint Eastwood.

q: What do I have in common with neutrinos?
a: We are both constantly penetrating your mum.

q: What do you call 2 ducks who walk like, act like, and believe they are geese?
a: A paradux

q: What do you call a Mexican that can't cross the border?
a: A Mexi

q: What did a tree say to another tree?
a: Nothing, trees can't talk!

q: What do you call an asian walking a dog?
a: A vegetarian.

q: What did the time traveller do after he ate the last bite of his dinner?
a: He went back 4 seconds.

q: What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator?
a: An elevator can raise a family I'll just see myself out.

q: What did the Doe say when she walked out of the bushes?
a: I'll never do that for two bucks again.

q: Why do flies hate the shower?
a: Because the only thing to eat is shampoo.

q: What is blonde and brown blonde and brown blonde and brown?
a: Answer. Madonna doing cartwheels.

q: what do a divorce and a tornado have in common in west virginia?
a: either way you lose the trailer

q: Who is the most popular guy in a swingers' club?
a: The guy who can carry a dozen doughnuts without using his hands.  Who's the most popular woman? The one who can get the last one without using hers. 

q: Did you hear Gotye converted from Judaism to Catholicism?
a: After realizing he didn't need to follow Jewish customs, he exclaimed to the rabbi, "you didn't have to cut me off!"

q: what do eggs benedict and a blow job have in common?
a: you dont get either at home. 

q: What do you call a gang of tires?
a: A rubber band

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and legs in a hot dog bun?
a: Frank

q: What's the most indian bone in the human body?
a: The patella. (I'll show myself out)

q: What do you call something that only 9 or 11 can fix?
a: An untenable situation

q: What do you call an artist in a dark alley?
a: Sketchy

q: What do a Tupperware designer and a horny walrus have in common?
a: They're both looking for a tight seal.

q: How do you get an r/jokes redditor confused?
a: loading...

q: Why are dentists usually always male?
a: Because they like to be in other peoples mouths.

q: How many guys in the friend zone does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they just stand around and compliment it and get pissed off when it doesn't screw. 

q: What do a call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank?
a: A Small, Medium, at Large 

q: Did you hear about the horny Asian janitor?
a: First he wax on, then he wax off!

q: What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a toddler?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window.

q: What's it called when a pig kills itself?
a: Soooey!-cide

q: What do a pizza guy and a gynecology have in common?
a: They can both smell it but cant eat it.

q: Why do Ken and Barbie never have kids?
a: Because Ken always comes in a different box

q: What do you get when you cross a nymphomaniac with a kleptomaniac?
a: A fucking thief!

q: what do you call it when 3 muppets have sex together?
a: what do you call it when 3 muppets have sex together?

q: What entrance do prostitutes use?
a: Hodor

q: How do you project confidence?
a: How do you project confidence?  Multiply by the cosine of the angle.

q: How do you start a rave in Africa?
a: Glue a piece of toast to the ceiling

q: Wanna See a perfect Relationship?
a: You Wanna See A Perfect Relationship? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Watch A Movie... :P Coz it is possible in movies only.

q: Why did god invent patchouli?
a: So blind people can hate hippies too.

q: Why did Lady Gaga wear seashells to the VMAs?
a: Because B-shells were too small.

q: What do you get when you cross a philosopher, an insomniac and a dyslexic?
a: A guy who stays up all night wondering if there's a dog. ~ Infinite Jest, by DFW

q: How are peanut butter and jelly related?
a: They're inbred

q: How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to screw in the lightbulb and the other to hold the penis... I meant... The ladder.

q: What happens when you zip up a lion?
a: It rars

q: How does Queen Elizabeth win a game of poker?
a: She goes to the bathroom.

q: What about the man with nobody and no nose?
a: Nobody knows...

q: What do you call a gay satanist?
a: Sack-Religious

q: What do you call a fat man in a bath ?
a: Tubby.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a toilet?
a: The toilet doesn't insist on cuddling after you drop your load in it. 

q: What Did MLK Say When Asked If He Suffered From Jock Itch?
a: I have a cream.

q: Whats the hardest part of rollerblading?
a: Telling your parents that you are gay.

q: Have you heard about the man who got cooled to absolute zero??
a: He's 0K now.

q: Why do fat white women like black guys?
a: Because they heard black makes you look thin.

q: Why was the woman sent to jail for 12 months, while the man got a year?
a: Because there needs to be a period at the end of each sentence.

q: Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died?
a: He pasta way.

q: How is a lonely twig like a piece of cling wrap?
a: He can only stick to himself.

q: What did the two iPhones say to the two iPads?
a: "Want to get kinky and have a 4G?"

q: Who discovered Victoria Falls?
a: Whoever tripped her.

q: What has 2 legs and bleeds......?
a: ....half a dog.

q: What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?
a: 50 pounds.

q: Why was the ghost on an episode of Hoaders?
a: He was a little... Possesive

q: What's slimy cold long and smells like pork?
a: Kermit the frogs finger...

q: What do you call a Nun that bites her nails?
a: A bad Habit. I'll see myself out.

q: What happens if you don't keep up payments to your exorcist?
a: You get repossessed.

q: What did the Canadian think of his hardwood flooring?
a: It was Oak, Eh!

q: How did Jesus feel when He was crucified by the jews?
a: He was very cross with them!

q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.

q: What is Mike Tyson's favorite thing for a woman to wear?
a: Thort thorts.

q: What did one tree say to the other?
a: Nothing. They bark. 

q: What does a redditor do after his picket fence is installed?
a: He re-posts it.

q: I (maybe?) came up with this joke today. What do you call a lost caveman?
a: A meanderthal. 

q: How do you foil a plan?
a: (p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln 

q: What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms?
a: One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute and a crack dealer?
a: The prostitute can wash her crack and use it again and again.

q: What did Simba say to his dad when he was moving too slow?
a: Mufasa!

q: What happens when Fonzie doesn't fold his clothes after doing laundry?
a: His shirts get all winkly. 

q: How do you catch a steroidal fish?
a: With A-Rod.

q: What does Subway and a Hollywood Tranny have in common?
a: Both offer $5 dollar Foot Longs I'll be here all week cause my car broke down by the shakeys next the aqueduct 

q: What does a promiscuous homosexual have in common with a popular homeless person?
a: They both have a lot of bum buddies.

q: What's the speed limit of sex?
a: 68 Because at 69, you flip over and eat it.

q: What's the difference between a fake orgasm and a fake Christmas tree?
a: Not everyone can tell when you have a fake Christmas tree.

q: Why should Steve Irwin have put on sunscreen?
a: To protect himself from the harmful rays.

q: why is oral sex better than cake?
a: Because you cannot have your cake and eat it too

q: What do you call a hundred women in a tree?
a: A cuntry (country)

q: How do you make a dwarf taller?
a: Ge-gnome therapy

q: You all know any good masturbation jokes?
a: C'mon, I bet we can crank some out.

q: What's a calender's favorite fruit?
a: Dates.

q: How do you email a sandwich?
a: In bytes.

q: Did you here about the two faces being added to MT. Rushmore?
a: Barack Obama!

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs driving a car?
a: Rex (made this one up myself!)

q: How did the midget feel after sleeping all night in a coffin?
a: A little stiff.

q: Why did the chef add extra oregano to the sauce?
a: He was making up for lost thyme.  Thank you, thank you. I'll just show myself out now.

q: Why did they stop feeding cows the round bails of Hay in Texas?
a: Because they weren't getting a square meal.

q: How do you feel when there's no more coffee?
a: depresso 

q: What can a cup of coffee and a cow that's had an abortion have in common?
a: They're both de-calf-inated. 

q: What does a rock artist say to a jazz musician?
a: To the airport please

q: What do brunettes and red-heads do on Friday nights?
a: Make blonde jokes!

q: What do you call poor pasta?
a: Spaghetto.

q: How do you fit an elephant into a safeway bag?
a: You take the 's' out of safe and the 'f' out of way.

q: What's the difference between a dog?
a: One of his legs is the same. 

q: Do you know a joke in a Foreign Language?
a: Who knows some funny jokes in a foreign language? (Other than English). I've learned some funny ones over the years but I would love to hear some from others out there. Post the joke in it's language and the translation to English. [I do realize that not all jokes translate properly].

q: What do you tell a woman with black eyes?
a: Nothing, you already told her twice.

q: What do you call a blonde Jew?
a: Goldie Lox (my little sis just came up with this...or so she said)

q: What do you get when you cross an orthodontist and a secret agent?
a: It's confi-dental 

q: Why could Darren jump higher than Zeus?
a: because he was mortall.

q: What happened to the two zombies who went on a date?
a: They had a  mantic** time. 

q: What does Mr. Miyagi do when he gets home from a date?
a: He wax off

q: Do you know why 6 is afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 has friends in the politburo

q: Do you need an Ark?
a: I Noah guy.

q: Oh, so you're a Shania Twain fan, eh?
a: That don't impress me much...

q: Ever wonder about those people who spend $2.00 on those little bottles of Evian water?
a: Try spelling Evian backwards.

q: What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch?
a: Death Valley.

q: How do you keep your hair from blowing everywhere when you drive in a convertible?
a: Cross your legs

q: What did Johann Sebastian Bach do when someone steam-rolled his organ?
a: He played a flat baroque piece!

q: Why are women called bitches?
a: Because they both run after sticks and balls.

q: What type of shoes do pedophiles wear?
a: White Vans.

q: Anybody heard about that new drug for lesbians?
a: Trycoxagain

q: What do you call a bald porcupine?
a: Pointless.

q: Did you hear about the suicidal dolphin?
a: He lost the porpoise to live.

q: Did you hear about the famous musical gay trio?
a: They finally decided on a name: Soh Doh Mi

q: Why didn't the Chinese guy get any time off from work when he told them about his son's death?
a: They didn't bereave him

q: What do you call a whore famous among pickles?
a: A lady of dill repute.

q: What do you get when you cross a highway with a lawnmower?
a: Killed.

q: Why were the ancient Greeks considered so brave on the battlefield?
a: They didn't want to leave their brothers behind.

q: How do you stop a Mexican tank?
a: Shoot the guy who's pushing it.

q: What do you call 2 Asians playing basketball?
a: Won on Won. 2 Mexicans playing basketball: Juan on Juan. 2 Indians playing basketball: Khan on Khan.

q: Will carrying a torch save you from an attacking bear?
a: Depends on how fast you can carry it.

q: Why didn't Hitler drink?
a: Because it made him mean

q: What type of animals are put on envelopes?
a: Seals.

q: I go in hard and come out soft You blow me hard what am I?
a: a stick of gum :D

q: What do you call houses who have good behavior?
a: Manors.

q: Have you seen the photo of me and REM?
a: That's me in the corner.

q: Why are Jews so rich?
a: They are always looking for prophets.

q: What's the difference between a pig and a musician?
a: A pig won't stay up all night to fuck a musician 

q: Michael Jackson, too soon?
a: What's the difference between Neil Armstrong and Michael Jackson? One of them walks on the moon, the other one fucks little boys in the ass

q: You know Coca Cola's newest advertising campaign in russia?
a: Under each seventh cap -  !

q: Why don't black people get sunburns?
a: Prisons are indoors. 

q: What's a Canadian Anarchist's favorite shape?
a: A circle, eh.

q: Did it hurt when you were circumcised?
a: I don't remember the pain but I couldn't manage to walk for a year after.

q: Where did you leave your legless dog?
a: Where did you leave your legless dog? Where you left him. And how do you call him? Doesn't matter, he won't come.

q: What do you call it when two Mexicans were in a car accident and one had both legs amputated?
a: Juan and a half

q: Why couldn't Jesus's eat m&m's?
a: They kept falling threw the holes in his hands.

q: How many jews fit in a car?
a: 2 in the front, 3 in the back and 1000 in the ash tray.

q: Why do so many Australian men experience premature ejeculation?
a: Because they can`t wait to get out and tell all their friends about scoring.

q: What's the difference between a golf ball and a Ford?
a: You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.

q: What's upside down and downside up at the same time ?
a: A kid with cerebral palsy living in Australia

q: What was the first profession to go all digital?
a: Proctology.

q: How do you make endocrine?
a: Endocrine is not a hormone.

q: What did the chef say to the man who wouldn't eat alphabet soup?
a: "I'm gonna make you eat those words!"

q: What gets whiter as it gets dirtier?
a: Michael Jackson!

q: How many Economists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Depends on the supply and demand curve

q: How do you make estrogen?
a: Don't pay her.

q: What time do dentists fly airplanes?
a: Tooth Hurty (2:30)

q: What did airport security tell the Dentist?
a: We need to give you a cavity search

q: Anyone else want to join my all Mexican tribute band?
a: We are called Juan Direction.

q: How did Han Solo enter the world?
a: On the perineum falcon!

q: What does a Transvestite do on Xmas day?
a: Eat, drink and be Mary.

q: What do 9 out of 10 people love?
a: Gang rape

q: What did Cindarella say when she got to the ball?
a: Gluk gluk gluk (say it out loud)

q: If you used a keyboard with built-in speakers, you would be...?
a: Stereotyping.

q: What do you call a pompous Hobbit?
a: Bilbo Braggins

q: Why did Princess Di cross the road?
a: Interia

q: Why was the whale lonely after his date?
a: The other whale didn't humpback.

q: If 'Blasian' is the mix of Asian and black, what do you get when you mix white and Indian?
a: Genocide.

q: What does a feminist use as a contraceptive?
a: Her personality

q: Did you know that a male ejaculates at 27mph?
a: That's why I always get in trouble when I do it in school zones.

q: How do you keep the Kansas City Chiefs away from your house?
a: Paint a goal line on your driveway.

q: How many monkeys does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None. Monkeys screw in trees.

q: What did the pilot say to the co-pilot right before the UPS plane crash in Alabama?
a: Too soon.

q: How many MRAs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Tires need changing too you know!

q: What is the internal temperature of a Taunton?
a: Luke warm.

q: What is the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods?
a: One of them has a good driver.

q: What's the last thing that goes through a fly's mind when it hits a car windscreen?
a: Its arse.

q: How many Greeks does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: One, ......A Greek will screw anything! 

q: How do they know that Princess Diana had dandruff?
a: They found her Head & Shoulders on the  dashboard.

q: Do you know what an Australian kiss is?
a: It's a French kiss, ......down under!

q: What is the fakest part of Skyrim?
a: The fact that red guards can swim.

q: What do you call a group of yogurt loving boat enthusiast?
a: A Yacult...

q: Why was Noah a great businessman?
a: He floated his stock while everyone else was in liquidation.

q: Are you pudgey?
a: Cause you have me hooked!

q: Why did the blonde have bruises on her belly button?
a: Blond guys aren't too smart either. 

q: Why did the black man walk into a bar?
a: Because the cell door was still locked.

q: What did the stormtrooper say when he was frying Luke's aunt and uncle?
a: I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning Beru.

q: Who is missing an egg?
a: there are 27 people in the room but on 53 eggs, you know what that means, someone is missing an egg. 

q: What did batman say to robin?
a: What did batman say to robin before they got in the bat-mobile?  "Get in" 

q: How do you find a blind man at a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard

q: What do phone books and women have in common?
a: They both couldn't vote before 1920

q: Why do people hate playing uno with Mexicans?
a: They keep stealing green cards.

q: You know what they say about a guy with tiny arms?
a: He has tiny legs.  (if you know what i mean)

q: What do you call it when thieves in a metal boat steal your fool's gold?
a: Iron Pirate 

q: I know its slightly distasteful but, what's the best way to punish a blind kid?
a: rearrange the furniture

q: What did the court jester call the balding crown prince?
a: The Heir Apparent with no Hair Apparent.

q: Why was diarrhoea classified under hereditary diseases?
a: It runs in the Jeans.

q: What is it called when an old priest and a nun having sex both crap in the bed?
a: Holy fucking shit.

q: What happens to Captain America when he dies?
a: He goes to the Evans

q: What did Joss say on the last day of shooting the Avengers?
a: Whedon?

q: What did Thor say to the weaver fixing his cape?
a: What are your Hemsworth?

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper ?
a: He sold his soul to Santa.

q: What do you call Iron Man when he is feeling sad?
a: A bit of a Downey

q: Why did the pickle stop being a contortionist?
a: It was to cucumbersome.

q: Why is a bullet like a gay man?
a: When it gets it in the ass, he blows his load!

q: What is a cat's favorite tropical destination?
a: Meowi

q: What's the best thing about having sex with 23 year olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: How can you tell someone is vegan?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you

q: How ugly was she?
a: Paper or plasic?

q: Did you know that Santa Claus is both an arborist and a geologist?
a: He's gonna find out what's knotty or gneiss.

q: You know what the say about men with big shoes?
a: They have big socks. 

q: Did you hear the joke about the Hassidic jew dentist who only puts braces on every third tooth?
a: He's an unorthodox orthodox orthodontist

q: What do you call an attractive bee who goes to bars?
a: A bar-bee!

q: What do you call a man who has sex with his 9 year old wife?
a: The holiest Prophet of Islam.

q: Do you know why Jewish men are circumcised?
a: Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's ten percent off.

q: How do you make a Jewish girl scream twice?
a: Fuck her in the ass then wipe your dick on the bedspread.

q: Can the ninja throw his ninja stars?
a: Shurikan

q: Why did the excluded tree grow?
a: To be long.

q: What game do enemy naval officers play in the sauna?
a: Battleshvitz

q: Why do Java Programmers wear glasses?
a: Because they don't C#.

q: How do you get a white trash girl to suck your dick?
a: Dip it in ranch dressing.

q: Why couldn't little Johnny get the toy he saw on TV?
a: His parents weren't 18 or older.

q: What do Catholics and Baptists have in common?
a: Neither acknowledge their fellow church-goers at the liquor store.

q: What do you get when you cross the Queen of England and Prince Charles?
a: Killed in a tunnel.

q: What's a joke that you invented?
a: Here's mine: Did you hear about the guy who had to snort a line of baking soda every day? He was basically addicted.

q: ever have sex while camping?
a: it's fucking in tents

q: do you sell wasps?
a: a man goes into a pet shop and asks "how much are your wasps" the pet shop owner replies "we don't sell any wasps" "what about the one in the window"

q: What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield?
a: Its ass

q: Why is it so hard to contact comedians?
a: Because their marketing is a joke.

q: How can you tell vampirism is a disease?
a: On account of the coffin.

q: Why was 9 mad at 0 after winning a game of bingo?
a: Because 0 1 2

q: What does Tarzan sing at Christmas?
a: Jungle Bells

q: Why do the jews have such big noses?
a: because air is free

q: [warning racist] wanna hear a dark joke?
a: africas population

q: How does a whore relieve herself?
a: She prosti-toots!

q: What do you call a Russian with Tourette's syndrome?
a: Yukanol Fukov

q: Why did Silver have such a successful rap career?
a: He was truly Ag.

q: What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say?
a: Beat it, we're closed.

q: Marriage to the end?
a: So, this man and woman are married 44 years and the woman dies, then a few months later the man dies. When he gets to heaven, his wife runs up to him and says, "Hey baby!" and he says,"Sorry honey, death's done us part."

q: What do you call a bird with 3 wings and 3 legs?
a: Triangull

q: What do you get when you cross a Drug cartel and a Mafia lord?
a: Probably killed.

q: What kind of lotion does a bullfighter use?
a: Oil of Ole'

q: What do you call an Asian prize fighter who's dad has a serious case of diarrhea?
a: A slap happy jappy with a crap happy pappy

q: What did the allergic say after getting stung by a bee?
a: "Life's a bee-itch and then you die."

q: Did you hear about the refuse collector in Pakistan who died after carrying too much rubbish?
a: He was Bin Laden.

q: [OC] What does a blind pessimist say?
a: "What glass?"

q: Do you like Knock Knock jokes?
a: Because I believe that the inventor of the knock knock joke deserves a 'No-bell' prize.

q: Why do cows have bells around their necks?
a: Because their horns don't work. 

q: How do you know when you're staying in a hillbilly hotel?
a: When you call the front desk and say, "I gotta leak in my sink,"     and the clerk replies, "okay, Go ahead."

q: What do you pasta with a witty comeback?
a: Retortellini.

q: What did one bird say to another bird on New Year's?
a: WOW THAT YEAR FLEW BY 

q: Why are C programmers poor?
a: They don't have any inheritance. Or... Why should you not date a C programmer? They have no class.

q: What is the difference between brown nosing and butt kissing?
a: Depth Perception!

q: How did the hour and minute hands of the clock get cancer?
a: Second hand smoking! My own joke that I've been meaning to put up for a while. Time to see how it goes haha.

q: What's the most useless thing ever?
a: Anne Frank's drum kit.

q: Did you hear about the bassist?
a: Did you hear about the bassist that was SO out of tune people noticed?

q: What song does a dwarf pimp sing?
a: high ho's, high ho's, it's off to work I go

q: What is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish?
a: Meat stroganoff

q: What is a guy who hangs out with musicians called?
a: A singer

q: Who came after Augustus?
a: Septembrus

q: What's the best joke you know that's kid-safe?
a: I know plenty of raunchy jokes, but was asked this recently and came up blank

q: Ever blow bubbles as a kid?
a: He's back in town and wants you to give him a call.

q: Why couldn't the boy look at the Milky Way?
a: He was galactose intolerant.

q: What do you call a psychic midget that broke out of jail?
a: A small medium at large

q: What do you call masturbating on a plane?
a: Hijacking.

q: How do Mexican peanuts tell time?
a: cacawatches

q: Whats the difference between a Polish woman and a hockey goalkeeper??
a: A hockey goalie changes his pads after 3 periods

q: What does a greengrocer weigh?
a: Vegetables.

q: What do you call it when a jewish submarine operator is discriminated against for being gay?
a: Subjugation.

q: How does Luke Skywalker get through the forest?
a: Ewoks

q: Why did the Origami Artist never win a poker match?
a: Because he will always fold.

q: Why is a wizard so good in bed?
a: Because he is never late, nor is he early. He reaches orgasm precisely when he means to.

q: What do you get when you cross an English bulldog and a Shih Tzu?
a: A bull-shiht!

q: What percentage of germans are not nazis?
a: ninety-nine point nein nein nein nein nein nein nein percent

q: Why didn't the butterfly go to the dance?
a: Because it was a moth ball. 

q: What is a homeless man's favorite type of music?
a: House music

q: What's the internal tempered of a Taunton?
a: Luke warm

q: How many bears would Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
a: None.  He'd eat them raw!

q: How do you know when a black chick is pregnant?
a: When she pulls out her tampon and all of the cotton is missing..

q: Q: What do you call a powerful black guy?
a: A: Obama.

q: What did the necrophile say to his ex-girlfriend?
a: "I only loved you for your body!"

q: Why did Xmen's Cyclops go to the doctors?
a: Because he needed laser eye surgery!

q: Where do Russian Spy's live?
a: In a Snow Den. (This is a joke. Please refrain from yelling at me, that he is not a spy. Thank you and have a nice day.)

q: What two games does Carl Sagan play at the bar?
a: Billiards and Billiards

q: What is the difference between a grizzly bear and a limp dick?
a: There isn't one, you can't fuck with either one.

q: Have you heard about the new Web MD zodiac?
a: All the signs say Cancer.

q: what's about 5 inches long and hasn't been inside another man in almost 2 weeks?
a: Cory Monteith's heroin syringe

q: Have you heard about the gay bees with allergies?
a: They come out in hives.

q: What kind of music do rabbits listen to?
a: HIP HOP

q: How do you know you sister is on her period?
a: Dad's cock tastes like blood.

q: How did Steve Jobs die?
a: From PC

q: Why did the woman sky-diver wear a jock strap?
a: So she didn't whistle on the way down.

q: What happens when Anthony Weiner tries to shake someones hand?
a: They think long and hard before they touch weiner. 

q: Have you ever ordered a honeymoon salad?
a: Lettuce Alone. 

q: Why is Spider-Man a bad boyfriend?
a: He's super clingy.

q: Why is Stephen Hawking going to hell?
a: Because it's a stairway to heaven, not a ramp. 

q: What's innuendo?
a: It's Italian for "suppository".

q: Did you hear about the guy who was obsessed with building HOV lanes through mountains?
a: Did you hear about the guy who was obsessed with building HOV lanes through mountains?  Classic case of carpool tunnel syndrome 

q: What do wizards call unmagical African Americans?
a: Niggles

q: What do you call a frog that jumps half the distance to its destination every time?
a: An asymptoad.

q: What's the difference between a dirty Greyhound station and a lobster with big breasts?
a: One's a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean. 

q: Why did the zombie get a gym membership?
a: Gaaaainsss

q: Why didn't crab and lobster like to share?
a: They were both two shellfish

q: What season is it when you are on a trampoline?
a: Spring time :D I'm not funny (._.)

q: What's the best thing about twenty nine year olds?
a: There's 20 of them

q: Why did the Grim Reaper go to the shoe repair shop?
a: To get some soles!

q: What do you call a Psychic Compromise?
a: A Happy Medium. Sorry, a played around with the wording of this a lot and couldn't find anything better.  Please suggest a better phrasing.

q: When a vegetarian turns into a zombie, what does it eat?
a: Coma patients. 

q: What's the Titanic's Favorite Holiday?
a: Sink-o de Mayo.

q: What does a gay cow eat?
a: Haaaay!

q: What do you call 5 black people on a plane?
a: Niggas with altitude

q: Why do people with no arms have difficulty remembering?
a: Because they can't put their finger on it.

q: Why are even the best forensic teams unable to catch hillbilly criminals?
a: Because they all share the same DNA and there are no dental records.

q: What did the pastry chef say to his apprentice?
a: "Know your roll!"

q: What do you call a deer that can't see?
a: No eye deer. Say it fast and with a southern accent for full effect.

q: What do you call a boat that gives fresh breath?
a: A Shipmint!

q: How much does a Hipster weigh?
a: An Instagram.

q: Do you know what your pimples do while you're asleep?
a: Nothing really, the just zit there.

q: Why did the Irish call their currency the "Punt" ?
a: Because it rhymes with Bank Manager

q: Why do girls prefer to drive auto cars, instead of manual?
a: Because they want the D.

q: What do you get when you cross an Indian smoothie with a rescue dog?
a: Mango Lassie

q: What did the one wall say to the other wall?
a: Meet you at the corner!

q: A broom and a mop have sex. What happens next?
a: The broom gets sweepy.

q: What happened to Mr. Potato Head when he smoked weed?
a: He got baked. 

q: Whats the difference between an onion and a hooker?
a: I dont cry when I cut up a hooker

q: What do you call a Frenchman with eleven penises?
a: Jean Cocteau

q: One did one redditor say to the other?
a: Heard it.

q: What did the French skeleton say before he ate?
a: Bone apetit

q: Why couldn't anyone hear Hellen Keller scream?
a: She was wearing mittens.

q: What is Bill Clinton's favorite instrument?
a: The Whore-Monica 

q: Heard about the Polish Coyote?
a: Chewed three legs off.. and still had one in the trap.

q: What's the worst kind of tea?
a: Emptea!

q: You know why Dolly Parton has small feet?
a: Nothing grows in the shade. 

q: What did the dwarf pimp say to his working girl?
a: Hi hoe, hi hoe. It's off to work you go!

q: What's the difference between Japanese people and their food?
a: Americans eat the food after they nuke it.

q: What kind of cheese did Medusa eat?
a: Gorgon zola.

q: What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the closet?
a: Last year's Hide and Go seek champion. 

q: Why doesn't a rooster wear pants?
a: Because his pecker is on his head

q: What do you call a black man who flies a plane for a living?
a: A pilot you fucking racist!

q: Scotland or Whales?
a: I was having a couple of drinks in a London pub on a Saturday night. I noticed to very large women by the bar. They both had strong accents, so I asked, "Hey, are you two ladies from Scotland?" One of them turned to me and screamed, "It's Wales, you idiot!" So, I immediately apologized, and said, "Sorry, are you two whales from Scotland?"

q: How do you flirt with a calligraphist?
a: Say, "You have pretty I's!"

q: 26 letters, minus the U. What do you get?
a: A solipsistic Alphabet.

q: Have you heard about the gay midget?
a: He came out of the cupboard

q: What's the difference between a fox and a dog?
a: About 7 beers.

q: Did you hear about the injured Carpenter?
a: He hurt his widdle finger.

q: Why did the business dog chase his tail?
a: So he could make ends meet!

q: What does a two-headed cat say??
a: Weow!

q: What's more illegal than marijuana?
a: My Mexican neighbor

q: How do you know when a blonde is having a bad day?
a: When she can't find her pencil and there is a tampon behind her ear.

q: Why did the duck go to the basketball game?
a: He heard the ref was blowing fouls!

q: Why was the chef mad?
a: He had all the money in the world, but no thyme.

q: What do you say when someone asks you to make a fat person leave?
a: "Piece of cake."

q: Why was the female bank teller angry?
a: She was going through the change...

q: Have you heard the one about the mentally challenged couple making love?
a: You probably don't want to, it's fucking retarded. 

q: Where does a pirate keep his buccaneers?
a: Under his buckin' hat.

q: How many drugs did Charlie Sheen take?
a: Enough to kill two and a half men.

q: Why did the black man buy 4 boxes of condoms?
a: Because he practices safe sex and they were on sale. 

q: What do you call a woman with boobs on her back?
a: I don't know, but she would sure be fun to dance with. 

q: Why did the black person cross the road?
a: To fry the chicken.

q: How did Helen Keller break her hands?
a: Reading road signs at 30 MPH

q: Whats the technical term for a female to male sex change?
a: An adadictomy

q: Which U.S. state abbreviation is the best?
a: I'm not sure, but Oklahoma's is OK.

q: What do you a call girl with a saggy vagina shaking her booty?
a: Beef twerky.

q: How Long Does It Take A Black Woman To Take A Dump?
a: 9 months.

q: What did the two tampons have in common?
a: They were both stuck up bitches

q: Why did the restaurant on the moon fail?
a: They barely had any atmosphere.

q: How do you know when a cat's done cleaning itself?
a: It's smoking a cigarette. 

q: What's worse than finding a lobster on your piano?
a: Finding crabs on your organ.

q: What do you call a girl who only likes guys with big muscles?
a: A Biceptual

q: What do you call a Middle Eastern moving company?
a: Pack-it-stan

q: Why should you never BBQ on your roof?
a: The steaks are too high.      

q: slight variation on an arguable classic: How do mermaids reproduce?
a: Binary fish-ion.

q: What's the last thing a Redneck says before he dies?
a: Watch this!

q: What's a pedophile's favorite part about Halloween?
a: Free delivery.

q: What does a Jewish wife make for dinner?
a: Reservations.

q: Why did the blonde snort splenda?
a: She thought it was diet coke.

q: What do you call a man that brews beer?
a: A Hebrew.

q: Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?
a: A: No ideer. Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? A: Still no ideer

q: What do you call a Greek intellectual that only eats kimchee?
a: An Epikorean.

q: How do you process a queue of table delete requests for an asynchronous database?
a: Pop, Lock & Drop It

q: Why did the pedophile go into the cave?
a: He was looking for miners.

q: How near was the boy to his dad's tobacco stash before getting busted?
a: Close... but no cigar.

q: Who has to always be on there toes?
a: A midget at a urinal. 

q: Why was the stadium so cool?
a: it was full of fans.    Thank thank you for your time

q: What did the guy with no arms and no legs get for christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What do you call a lesbian that you can't understand?
a: A mad lib...

q: (Male-related)When I have a double stream, is there something obstructing the penis?
a: or is it just being a dick? 

q: Did you hear about the cat that ate a ball of yarn?
a: She had a litter of mittens.

q: What happens when Batman sees Catwoman naked?
a: The Dark Knight Rises.

q: What boxer's nickname is EEEEE?
a: Mohammad Ali All-E

q: What do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eyepatch?
a: Names. 

q: Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake?
a: Sheet cake.

q: Why are computers in Palestine really fast?
a: Because they've got Ramallah. 

q: What's the hardest part to eat of a vegetable?
a: The Wheelchair.

q: What is a Nazi baker's secret ingredient?
a: White Flour!

q: What are the 3 rings involved in marriage?
a: 1) The engagement ring 2) The wedding ring 3) The suffering

q: Why won't Malia and Sasha Obama's classmates gossip about them?
a: Because they know their father can read their emails.

q: What do you call a gay T-Rex?
a: A Dino-sore-ass.

q: What was special about Three-Eyed Suzie?
a: She had no legs.

q: What does someone do after they eat too much bacon?
a: They go hog wild

q: What do you call Bruce Lee stuffed in a shell?
a: A crustacean

q: What did the Buffalo say to his son on the first day of school?
a: Bison.

q: What do a gynecologist and a pizza guy have in common?
a: They can both smell it but can't eat it.

q: How does an abortion doctor like his eggs?
a: Scrambled.

q: What do you get when you shove an iPhone into a blender?
a: Apple Sauce

q: Why couldn't the joke walk?
a: It was lame. (I think this is an original by me)

q: Why would I go to a high school reunion?
a: I have Facebook, I already know who got fat.

q: What do a priest and a swimmer who came in second have in common?
a: The both came in a little behind

q: How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow blower?
a: You hand the bitch a shovel.

q: Did you hear about Stevie Wonder getting a cheese grater for his birthday?
a: He said it was the most violent book he'd ever read. 

q: How do Spaniards take their coffee?
a: Au lait.

q: What do Polar Bears eat for lunch?
a: Ice Bergers.

q: Hey baby, are you a parking ticket?
a: because i'm not going to pay you

q: What's the difference between pizza and your opinion?
a: I asked for pizza.

q: What is the definition of trust?
a: Two cannibals giving each other a blow iob.

q: What did the slut's left leg say to her right leg?
a: Nothing. They've never met.

q: Wanna hear a cat joke?
a: Just Kitten

q: What does Delia Smith say when she wants to fight a road?
a: 'Let's be avenue.'

q: What did the man say to the bee who wanted to learn the alphabet?
a: Nothing lmao bees cant learn.

q: Why couldn't the bee dress as a ghost for Halloween?
a: Because people are offended by seeing Boo Bees.

q: What's an archaeologist's favorite verb?
a: Bone.

q: Any good jokes involving an Armadillo, a banana and a grandmother?
a: Just checking how creative the Humorists in Reddit are.

q: Why did the policeman wake up his son?
a: He saw a  .

q: What do you get when you cross a fish with an elephant?
a: Swimming trunks!

q: Did you ever see that movie about constipation?
a: of course not, it never came out.

q: How does a French person sneeze?
a: Adieu!

q: How do you get rid of a fat ghost?
a: Exorcise it.

q: What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin?
a: Zimmerman can dodge a bullet.

q: What do you call a train that has a tobacco addiction?
a: A chew-chew train.

q: What's common to the cockpit of a modern fighter aircraft and the inside of a headhunter's hut?
a: The heads-up display

q: Did you hear about the Mexican Army's new weapons?
a: Everyone was issued a nail gun.

q: Q: When Do You Hurt a Midget?
a: When He is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice!

q: Did you hear about the band Kansas getting arrested for kidnapping at the airport?
a: They tried to carry-on my wayward son.

q: What do you call a donkey in space?
a: A wild asstronaught.

q: Why do gay guys like rotisserie chicken?
a: They like the way the meat spins

q: What does a toilet, a clitoris, and an anniversary have in common?
a: Men usually miss all three.

q: How can you tell if Asians have broken into your house?
a: The dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to get out of the driveway.

q: Did you hear about that free-range astrophysicist buffalo?
a: His name was Neil. Neil da Grass-fed Bison.

q: What do animal poachers do in their spare time?
a: They go clubbing. 

q: So we're doing "Roman walks into a bar" jokes?
a: So a Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus". The bartender says "Sir, do you mean a martini?" to which the Roman replies "If I wanted a double, I would have asked for one."

q: Did you hear what they're planning for the next episode of 'Glee'?
a: It's a 'Walking Dead' crossover.

q: What does a stripper do to her asshole before work?
a: She drops him off at band practice. 

q: What do you call a scary philosopher?
a: Aristartle

q: What does a Rubik's Cube and a penis have in common?
a: The longer you play with them, the harder they get.

q: How did the blonde chip her teeth?
a: using a vibrator 

q: What's the best way to break in a new pair of shoes?
a: Moonwalking

q: Why did the Little Mermaid run away with the fisherman?
a: He had allure.

q: Did you hear the one about the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon?
a: Probably.

q: What did the philanderer say to the gardener praying in the shed?
a: How do you stay faithful in a room full of hoes?

q: Why couldn't the melons run away and get married?
a: They cantelope.

q: Why would the Higgs Boson feel unsafe in a country where the leader openly practiced genocide?
a: It would be a land of mass-murder 

q: What do you call a pair of identical twins who are stewardesses?
a: Hostess Twinkies

q: What do you get if you cross a Fish and an Elephant?
a: Swimming Trunks. 

q: What do you call it when you give chairs to the poor?
a: A Chair-ity!

q: What mistake did the chronometer make while it was getting along well with the digital watch?
a: It asked the digital watch for its hand in marriage. 

q: Wanna hear a joke about an unsharpened pencil?
a: Nevermind, there's no point

q: What's another way to describe a contradicktion?
a: A logical phallusy!

q: What does Justin Bieber and jam have in common?
a: They're both in bread

q: Did you know two melons of the same sex can't marry?
a: Does that mean they cantaloupe?  *Thanks to My Drunk Kitchen! 

q: What do your child and your dick have in common?
a: If you don't beat it enough, it'll start standing up for itself in public.

q: How do you get a unicorn from neighing in your front yard?
a: Put it in the back yard.

q: What did Santa give the blind, autistic, paraplegic kid with down syndrome for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: How many policemen does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Eleven. One chief of police to oversee it, and 10 cops to beat the lightbulb until it wants to change.

q: Why do Queenslanders call their beer, "XXXX"?
a: Because they can`t spell the word, beer.

q: What does the US Government use to spy on a high school student?
a: An essay.

q: How to Jews travel?
a: By air.

q: If seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
a: Your mom.

q: Why did the scare crow win the award?
a: He was out standing in his field. This has Always been my favourite pun.

q: Why do blondes have bruised belly buttons?
a: Because blonde boys aren't all that bright either.

q: Why does the little mermaid wear seashells?
a: Because D shells are too big.

q: Why are female schoolteachers always so angry?
a: They have periods every half hour!

q: Why couldn't Edward leave Russia?
a: Because he was Snowden.

q: I don't know much about math, but what did the acorn say when it grew up?
a: "Geometry!"

q: Where did the promiscuous girl from Belgium go to plant her flowers?
a: ze Hoegaarden.

q: How many clones of president Obama does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: What a stupid question: Obama won't change jack shit.

q: Why is a duck-billed platypus called a duck-billed platypus?
a: Because fucked up duck-beaver lookin thing doesn't sound scientific enough. 

q: Why was the russian airforce less superior than their enemies?
a: Cause their airplanes kept STALIN!! (Ill see myself out...)

q: Why are housing prices in Toronto falling?
a: Because the market got flooded.

q: What has 10 letters and starts with Gas?
a: Automobile! Everyone says gasoline because they don't think about it.

q: How is Disneyland like Viagra?
a: An hour wait for a 30 second ride.

q: What did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant?
a: A plaid tie.  

q: What do you call a hundred black men buried up to their necks in dirt?
a: Afroturf

q: If seagulls fly over the sea,what flies over the bay?
a: Bagels. Ha.

q: What's the best way to search a linen store?
a: Undercover. 

q: Why does Luigi bring an extra pair of overalls when he golfs?
a: In case he gets a hole-in-one

q: What do snotty vegetables do when they see something they don't like ?
a: They 'turnip' their noses. 

q: Why did the Green Giant get a new lid?
a: Because he always spills the beans. 

q: How do you make an archeologist blush?
a: Give them a dirty tampon and ask what period its from.

q: What's it called when a man cums inside a woman when in Massachusetts?
a: Boston Cream Pie

q: How Do You Start a Flood?
a: An engineer and an attorney were fishing in the Caribbean. The attorney said, Im here because my house burned down and everything I owned was destroyed by the fire. The insurance company paid for everything. "Thats quite a coincidence," said the engineer. Im here because my house and all my belongings were destroyed by a flood and my insurance company also paid for everything. The puzzled attorney asked, How do you start a flood?

q: How does a girl get a guy to eat shit?
a: She wipes back to front.

q: How do you fit 4 gay men on one bar stool?
a: Turn it upside down.

q: What song did the man who lived next door to a brothel sing on his way to work?
a: Hi ho, Hi ho, it's off to work I go!

q: Did you hear about the guy they found dead at the Mediterranean restaurant?
a: Yeah, police are calling it a hummus-cide.

q: How do you get 50 Pikachus on a bus?
a: Poke 'em on.

q: What's a feminists least favorite Pokemon?
a: Abra!

q: What's the hardest part about eating vegetables?
a: The Wheelchair.

q: What's the difference between a Black man and a park bench?
a: A Black man is a sentient creature.

q: What do you call 5 white guys sitting on a bench?
a: The NBA

q: what did the cornflake say to the other cornflake?
a: Hi cornflake. don't blame me... you clicked on it... what did you expect?

q: What did the leper say to the prostitute after their session?
a: "Keep the tip."

q: Whats green, three inches long and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the frogs middle finger.

q: What kind of bird works on a construction site?
a: A Crane.

q: What's the best part about having sex with twenty-one year old's?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: How many forever alone guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One, but he wishes it was two.

q: why don't melons run away to get married?
a: because they cantaloupe 

q: Why don't the French have fireworks on Bastille day?
a: because they would all surrender.

q: Whats the worse part of being a pedophile?
a: Trying to fit in.

q: What happened to the fireman who let the house burn?
a: He got fired.

q: What did one Buddhist Master give to the child for his birthday?
a: Nothing wrapped in Emptiness. How did the birthday child respond? You are thoughtless for giving me this meaningless gift. To which the Buddhist Master replied, "Thank you."

q: What do you call a happy cowboy?
a: A jolly rancher! Hahahahahahahahah you guys have no idea how alone I am. 

q: What do you call women who are faster than me?
a: Virgins. Sorry if it's a repost, I'm fairly new here.

q: Did you know half your penis is inside you?
a: If that's true, I'm all the way up to three inches.

q: What do you call it when Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin get together for a drink?
a: A communist party

q: What's the quickest way to a woman's heart?
a: The rib cage.

q: Why did the French Hen give up her job?
a: One day she'd just had un uf.

q: What do you do when a woman serves you bad sushi?
a: Sue she

q: What is brown and rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What are the two words men hate most unless used together?
a: Don't Stop

q: What do you call a white man surrounded by black men?
a: Coach

q: Why are French guns the best to buy?
a: They've never been fired, and only dropped once.

q: What did the molar use to cross the root canal?
a: What did the molar use to cross the root canal? Who did Micheal Corleone have to contact in order to flee to Sicily? Why did Wendy drown trying to get from the Island of Lost Boys to  Pirate Town? 

q: What's black and brown and looks good on a lawyer?
a: A Doberman.

q: Sushi A bumped into Sushi B on the road one day. What did Sushi A said to Sushi B?
a: Wasaaaabi! 

q: Why was the Egyptian queen so grumpy?
a: Because, she was on her pyramid!

q: Why do gay guys use ribbed condoms?
a: Better traction in the mud.

q: What do you call a bear that is missing all of its teeth??
a: A Gummy Bear!

q: What's the definition of vagina?
a: The box a penis comes in.

q: Why did the scarecrow get the Nobel prize?
a: He was out standing in his field.

q: Did you hear about Chris Brown's latest Hit?
a: Left Hook.

q: What's the difference between looking for a lost golf ball and Lady Godiva?
a: Looking for a lost golf ball is a hunt on a course.

q: What's the difference between a normal woman and a witch?
a: The spelling Teehee

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who showed up late to the luncheon?
a: They gave him the cold shoulder.

q: What do fat chicks do in the summer?
a: Stink.

q: How can you tell if your goose is depressed?
a: It's feeling down.

q: How did a Chinese spy disguise himself as an Arab in America?
a: He became a Muslim.

q: Why Americans are so bad in geography?
a: They are taking the geography lessons from their Canadian neighbors in the south.

q: Why doesn't Santa Claus have any children?
a: Because he only comes once a year, and when he does it's down the chimney. 

q: How do mermaids have babies?
a: Sea-sections 

q: What do you call a man in a hole?
a: Phil. 

q: How can you tell if your wife left you?
a: You get laid the same amount of times but the dishes start to pile up. Hey now!

q: What did Watson tell his friend when he was constipated?
a: No shit Sherlock...

q: What country uses the most foul language?
a: Turkey

q: What do you call a Flaming Homosexual?
a: A hate crime.

q: What is a mexican's favorite sport event?
a: Cross country

q: What is the difference between Jelly and Jam?
a: You can't jelly your cock down your girlfriend's throat.

q: Did you hear about the guy who cooled himself to absolute zero?
a: He's OK now

q: What's the best thing about a dead baby?
a: The aftertaste. 

q: What is the objective of jewish football?
a: To get the quarter back.

q: I just made this one up: What kind of Internet creep can swim the fastest?
a: A TOR pedo.

q: What is best potato?
a: Latvian potato is best potato. Is kind you spend whole life looking for. Also, low calories.

q: What's a New Zealander's favorite car?
a: The Kia Ora.

q: Why doesn't Shirley Manson change her Facebook relationship status?
a: She's only happy when "It's Complicated."

q: Why couldn't Edward leave the Airport?
a: Because he was Snowden...

q: heard about the toilet that quit his job?
a: he was tired of dealing with that shit every day

q: You know what bothers me about arson?
a: He's never doing his homework. Yarr.

q: What is Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's favorite facebook game?
a: Candy Kush.

q: Did you hear about the agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac?
a: He stays up at night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: Do you know who has the most home runs in MLB history?
a: Barry Bonds... Do you know who leads the MLB in strikeouts pitched?  Nolan Ryan... Do you know who has been hit by the most balls? Liberaci

q: What is the difference between jam and marmalade?
a: You can't marmalade your dick down someone's throat.

q: What did one bag of shit say to the other bag of shit?
a: "Ugh, stop standing so colostomy."

q: Where was Timmy when the bomb fell?
a: Everywhere.

q: What's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods?
a: Santa stops after 3 Ho's

q: How many points do you get if you hit a golfer?
a: Fore.

q: What do you do when you stub your toe?
a: Call a "toe" truck.

q: What's the difference between a pitbull and a social worker?
a: You might get your baby back off a pitbull.

q: What do you call a Mexican Baptism?
a: Bean Dip.

q: Did you hear the energizer bunny was arrested?
a: He went to court and was charged with battery.

q: What does an 80-year old's vagina taste like?
a: Depends. EDIT: Nobody got this joke. It's not an anti-joke...  are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS. Oh well.

q: What do you call a donkey throwing nuts?
a: An astronaut.

q: Where should Aaron Hernandez have hidden the evidence?
a: The Cowboys' endzone; because no one goes there

q: Did you hear about the one about the heart and stomach?
a: Nevermind, it's an inside joke.

q: How can you spot the prostitute at the Miss America pageant?
a: She's wearing a sash that says Idaho.

q: What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a pit bull?
a: The pit bull will eventually let go.

q: What's the difference between a Jewish mother and a terrorist?
a: You can negotiate with terrorists. 

q: What happened when Cinderella got to the ball?
a: She choked.

q: What was Dodi Fayed's favorite state?
a: In Diana 

q: Why did the frat boy throw away his curtains?
a: He was trying to get some Natural Light.

q: Have you heard the state of [insert state] is making round hale bales illegal?
a: Cows just aren't getting a square meal these days.

q: What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne?
a: Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he hits puberty.

q: How do dogs like their eggs cooked?
a: Pooched. 

q: What do Oranges and Apples have in common?
a: They're both orange except for the Apple.

q: How many prostitutes do you have to kill until someone notices?
a: I'm not sure yet.

q: What is the poor part of Italy called?
a: The spaghetto

q: What kind of fruit tells the best jokes?
a: A punkin. Edit: and apparently not me.

q: What part of Canada do the Inuit control?
a: Nunavut.

q: Which two farm animals are the dirtiest?
a: Brown chicken brown cow.. 

q: Why don't people get married in North Korea?
a: Well, all marriages are legal in North Korea, but no one has them because there's no rice to throw.

q: Where does a pirate keep his buccaneer' s?
a: Under his buccan-hat.

q: What's the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat?
a: Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.

q: ....Hey...uh...hey. Reddit. Yeah, you Reddit.....what do ducks eat?
a:  

q: Did you hear about Pala Deans new restaurant?
a: They only serve crackers!

q: Did you hear about the guy who decided to put the S next to the D?
a: He was in the newd today.

q: Why did Walter White not pay for his pizza?
a: Because it was on the house.

q: Why does the Mexican Olympic team always do so badly?
a: Because anyone who can swim, run, or climb is already in America.

q: What has 9 arms and still sucks?
a: Def Leppard

q: What's a white supremacist's favorite cereal?
a: Special KKK.

q: How will we truly reach gender equality?
a: By leaving the toilet seat at a 45 degree angle for the next person to decide without bias.

q: What does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress?
a: Q: what does Oedipus the king's mother wear under her dress? A: a Freudian slip

q: Was Nicky Minaj born on a highway?
a: Because that's where most accidents happend!

q: You know what's great about senility?
a: You can hide your own Easter eggs.

q: Why areAfrican Americans high jumpers?
a: Because when da white boy whipping dem, they'd jump really high from the pain like from Tom and Jerry

q: Who was the first person Aaron Hernandez called after the shooting?
a: Wes Welker. Everyone knows you need a white Bronco to get away with murder.

q: How come you never see a pregnant Barbie?
a: Because Ken comes in a different box!

q: What is the best thing about liquid soap?
a: It takes longer to pick up.

q: Prank Caller- Hello! is your refrigerator running??
a: Me- No, but the dishwasher is.. Prank Caller- Huh??? Me- Yeah my wife's out on a jog...

q: what's the difference between a vagina and your joke?
a: Nothing. They both stink!

q: What is the least racist animal?
a: A panda. It's black, it's white and it's Asian.

q: Where does a powerful king keep his armies?
a: In his sleevies! 

q: What's the worst part about seeing 4 black people go off a cliff in a Cadillac?
a: Cadillac seats 5.

q: Why did Helen Keller scream?
a: Her parents left the plunger in the toilet.

q: What kind of doctor deals with pussies?
a: A whinecologist. 

q: Which one of the smurfs is the only one to recycle?
a: Smurfette, as she's the only one with a blue box! Lol

q: What do you call Adrian Monk when he's angry?
a: Rasputin

q: Why didn't Edward leave Russia?
a: Cause he was snowden.

q: What's red and has seven dents in it?
a: Snow whites cherry. 

q: What's the best/worst dirty joke you know?
a: In honor of the recent joke trends I ask you what is the dirtiest joke you know? 

q: How can you tell birds are afraid of heights?
a: Because everytime they look down they shit themselves.

q: what was the last thing that went through Jane Wicker's mind?
a: The Ground.

q: Will reddit let me get by with this one?
a: What do the WWE and CNN have in common?  They're both fake, but sometimes people still get hurt.

q: What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm?
a: Squatters.

q: Why doesn't that NSA informant just come back to USA?
a: Because he's snowed in.

q: What kind of man was Boaz before he got married?
a: Ruth-less.

q: Why isn't there gambling in Africa?
a: Too many cheetahs.

q: Did you hear about the hillbilly yeast?
a: It was in bread.....

q: Have you ever wondered where they got the name "Canada"?
a: C, eh. N, eh. D, eh.

q: What is something you can use to find the pH of tree sap?
a: A log!

q: If Jesus is the Lamb of God?
a: Does that mean mary had a little lamb?

q: How is the Torah like Kidz Bop?
a: It's for yids, by yids!

q: Ey gurl, are you a TSA agent?
a: Because I've got an unattended package I think you should investigate.

q: What happens when you take acid with a birth control pill?
a: A trip without the kids

q: Why doesn't George R.R. Martin have Twitter?
a: Because he would just kill off all 140 characters.

q: Where do dumb aliens go?
a: Area 52

q: Whats the best place to drive to in Iowa?
a: The Middle. That way, you're always driving out of Iowa.

q: Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his driveway?
a: Because he was snowed in.

q: What is black and white and red and brown and silver and can't turn around in an elevator?
a: A nun with a harpoon through her head.

q: How many white people can you fit in a can?
a: Crackers don't come in cans, they come in boxes!

q: what's better than roses on your piano?
a: tulips on your organ.

q: What do you call a white person on fire?
a: A firecracker.

q: why are flies the biggest troll?
a: they only live for three days, and spend it fucking with you

q: How do we know God is not a woman?
a: Because the Earth is not a sandwich!

q: What happens when you put too many paintings in your car?
a: You can't make your van gogh.

q: Why did the janitor flush the toilet?
a: Because it was his duty.

q: What do you say when your mom walks in on you fapping?
a: C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!

q: How are a punchline and a dick similar?
a: they only bring a smile if used properly.

q: (bad joke) What's the best vegetable for stepping on when you get out of the shower?
a: A toe-mat-o.

q: What do men with big dicks eat for breakfast?
a: If you had one you would know.

q: What does a racist get for their birthday?
a: KK-cake

q: What did the grape say when it got stepped on?
a: Nothing, it just let out a little wine.

q: Q: What's Slimy, cold, green, and smells like pork?
a: A: Kermit the Frog's Finger

q: Ladies - how do you know if you are having a good time?
a: When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.

q: What do you get when an argument occurs on a camping trip?
a: A tents atmosphere

q: Did you know that papa johns was delivering to the twin towers on nine eleven?
a: The order was for two large planes!

q: How do I know Kim and Kanye's daughter is going to be smart?
a: Because she already has 315 degrees.

q: What do you give an octomom for mother's day?
a: A spatula. Maybe she'll be more responsible making dinner than making babies.

q: What do you call a kid who's dad is Jamaican and mom is Chinese?
a: Rastafriedrice

q: What is it called when a heavy gambler goes on vacation?
a: Paradice...

q: Who is Nickelback's biggest fan?
a: Helen Keller.

q: What did Pink Floyd say to Jerry Sandusky?
a: Hey, teacher, leave those kids alone!

q: If jerk chicken could talk, what would it say?
a: "Fuck-ooooff, fuck-ooooff, FUCK-OFF!!!"

q: Why did the band Nickelback get booed at the football halftime show?
a: Because they suck.

q: How much does a slave cost?
a: I have no idea, I just know they aren't free

q: Why are programmers good husbands?
a: Because they're good at commiting.

q: What do you call it when a chickpea gets killed?
a: Hummuside

q: Can you believe that after all the shit they've been through, they're still together?
a: My Buttcheeks ((_

q: Did you hear about the albino clairvoyant master hypnotist from San Francisco?
a: He was a super pallid Cali mystic, expert at hypnosis. (Today I had wanted to tell someone the Gandhi joke I read on here the other day, but I couldn't remember it so I made this up and thought I may as well share it even though it's purely derivative.)

q: What is another name for the disabled stall in a restroom?
a: A handicrapped zone.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a Mexican?
a: Jesus didn't have a bunch of tattoos of a Mexican...

q: Is the subscribed to r/jokes number a joke?
a: I laughed but still. I find it unlikely that a quarter billion people subscribed to 

q: Why does Karl Marx only drink herbal tea?
a: Because proper tea is theft!

q: New Knock-Knock joke?
a: Child: Knock Knock Grandmother: Who's there? Child: [Insert Name] Grandmother: [Insert Name] who? Child: Oh no! You have Alzheimer's! Yes? No?

q: What did the DJ order from the deli?
a: A club sandwich with extra beets.

q: How many recovering alcoholics does it take to change a light bulb?
a: We'll get on it next week

q: Do you know how Michael Jackson really died?
a: He ate a 3 year old wiener.

q: How does a baby Wookie get around?
a: Ewoks

q: Were a blind person to go sky diving, how would they do it?
a: Wait until the leash goes slack, then pull the rip cord.

q: Why do black guys like overweight white women so much?
a: Good credit and a fat ass. 

q: Why can't you tell a joke in a cornfield?
a: Because the stalks are all ears.

q: What did the ocean say to the beach?
a: Nothing. It just waved.

q: What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian??
a: Jah-Bless!

q: How did the Jewish mother offer to help her son meet a nice Jewish girl?
a: She offered to pay for half of his J-date membership.

q: How many indie bands does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Eh, it's some number you've probably never heard of.

q: Did you hear about the Chelsea team without a player?
a: No Mata!!

q: What's the difference between a pretty girl and a bowl of soup?
a: One is so hot that you blow on it before you stick your dick in,  and the other is a person and shouldn't be seen as a mere sexual object.

q: What burns longer, a red or a green candle?
a: Neither, they both burn shorter.

q: What do you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns?
a: Go for the juggler.

q: What is at the bottom of the sea and shakes?
a: A nervous wreck.

q: What do I think about my toes?
a: They couldn't be further from my mind.

q: Why do ghosts say booOoOoo?
a: Because they are disappointed in you...

q: Did you hear about the woman who got wooden implants?
a: It would be funny if this joke had a punchline. Wooden tit.

q: How do you know if you are having a good time?
a: When you throw your knickers against the wall, and they stay there.

q: Why dont Asians go to the theaters?
a: Because they always see widescreen!

q: What do you call a dumb nerd?
a: A geek.

q: What do you call a sick bird?
a: An illegal.

q: Why was the baby ant confused?
a: Because all of it's Uncles were Aunts(Ants)

q: Q: How Do You Tell 2 Scottsmen Apart?
a: A: You lift their kilts, and whichever one has a Quarter Pounder is a McDonald!!

q: What's the difference between a golfer and a climber?
a: A golfer goes whack......shit. A climber goes shit.......whack.

q: Why did the smoothie get assassinated?
a: He got mixed up with a few bad apples.

q: Why don't birds wear underwear?
a: Because, their pecker is on their head.

q: What's the difference between organized crime and the government?
a: Only one of them is organized. Couldn't help but post this.  Went to see a former mafia boss today, and that joke was told leading up to him speaking.

q: If a stork brings white babies, and a blackbird black babies, what bird brings no babies?
a: A Swallow.

q: How many couples does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: They can't, it'd be much too cramped.  How would they even get in there in the first place?

q: Why was the whistleblower late for his annual winter whistleblower's convention?
a: Because he was Snowden!

q: What Pixar movie will Rick Astley never let you borrow?
a: He's never gonna give you Up! Credit to my friend who doesn't even Reddit.

q: How many married women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Yeah right, like married women ever screw anything other than poolboys.....

q: How do you get your girlfriend to stop giving you blowjobs?
a: You marry her.

q: What did the Leper say to the hooker?
a: Keep the tip.

q: Why do melons have traditional marriages?
a: Because they cantaloupe

q: What is the difference between a blonde and a hen?
a: The blonde doesn't sit still when she is on eggs.

q: Why did the Dark Ages existed?
a: Because there were 'nights.

q: What do men do after orgasm?
a: 1% Do it again 1% Go Smoking 1% Fall Asleep 97% Clear History EDIT: Punctuation

q: What goes after foursome?
a: Awesome...

q: Did you hear about the constipated Jew?
a: He couldn't shit. 

q: What do you call a Mexican crossed with an octopus?
a: I don't know, but it sure can pick lettuce.

q: Why couldn't the whistleblower leave his house?
a: Because he was Snowden

q: What's a Drill Sergeant's term for an erection?
a: Penis weakness leaving the body.

q: What do you call a bunch of Mexican Stoners?
a: Baked Beans.

q: What did the necrophiliac have when his grandmother died?
a: Mourning wood

q: Yo daddy jokes?
a: Recently heard a yo mama joke and wondered if there is such a thing as yo daddy jokes. If they do exist, I'd like to read some!

q: What are the 2 sexiest farm animals?
a: Brown chicken, brown cow. (say outloud for full effect)

q: Do scooby got a booty?
a: Scooby doo.

q: What did the wick say to the wax?
a: I candel you.

q: Do you know what 6.9 is?
a: A good thing screwed up by a period.

q: What do you call a cow...?
a: What do you call a cow that's missing a leg? Lean Beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground Beef. What do you call a cow that's masturbating? Beef Strokin-Off

q: What is green, slimy, and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the Frog's finger

q: What did the devil get arrested for?
a: Possession!

q: What's the difference between a bull and a cow?
a: A bull smiles when you milk it. 

q: Why Can't you hear a Pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
a: Because the P is Silent!

q: What did Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffett have in common?
a: They both had Kurds in their way!

q: Why did the cow win a Nobel Prize?
a: Because he was out standing in his field. 

q: How many kids with ADD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?

q: Why did the book get stitches?
a: Because he had his appendix removed. note: books can also be female.

q: Did you hear about the legless man who got his wheelchair taken away?
a: He was floored.

q: Why was Crassus bad at insults?
a: He never really got the hang of Parthian shots.

q: How does Megatron get away with raw-dogging it?
a: Decepticondoms.

q: How can you get four suits for under $2.00?
a: Buy a deck of cards.

q: Why doesn't Spiderman like rice?
a: It reminds him of Uncle Ben.

q: "What is your greatest strength"?
a: Brevity.

q: What's better: A Parachute Jump or a BJ of a 90 year old?
a: doesn't matter...  must not look down..

q: What do Nazi pilots eat for breakfast?
a: Luftwaffles

q: Where do hippos go to school?
a: The Hippocampus!

q: How do you suffocate a redneck?
a: Tape his mouth shut. 

q: Did anyone see the new Irish gay pornstar?
a: His name is Ryan Fitzpatrick

q: Why can't mimes finish marathons?
a: Because they can't get past "the wall".

q: What's Master P's favorite fruit?
a: Uhh' banananaaaaaa

q: Why do tourists always take pictures in Paris?
a: Because the tower is an Eiffel. 

q: Why is Chuck Norris still alive?
a: Credit: Saw the comment in this   [1:55]

q: What do you call a Mexican without a car?
a: Carlos

q: Why couldn't the bike stand by itself?
a: because it was two tired

q: What 8 letter phrase means a healthy scratch?
a: Tim Tebow

q: What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her skirt?
a: Self employed

q: What do you call an old person from Portugal?
a: A portugeeser

q: Why was the blonde upset when she got her Drivers License?
a: Because she got an F in sex.

q: What do anemic people drink?
a: Pale ale

q: Did you hear about the steering-wheel belt?
a: It's driving me nuts

q: What do you call it when an Asian composer really needs the bathroom?
a: Rover Flows Out Of You.

q: Why don't French people smile in pictures?
a: The French word for "cheese" is "fromage".

q: Why do they call them "S'mores"?
a: Because you always want another one!

q: What do they call diarrhea at Hogwarts?
a: expellianus!

q: What's a pedophile's favorite drink?
a: Cherry pop.  See you all in hell!

q: What does a Gynecologist and Pizza Delivery guy have in common?
a: Both get to smell the goods but neither get to eat it.   (A straight rip from   with my apologies)

q: Did you hear the one about the JRPG character who named his daughter Dot?
a: He called for her three times, but she she still didn't answer. ...

q: How do you blindfold an Asian woman?
a: Put a windshield in front of her.

q: Did you hear the one about the man with a big procrastination problem?
a: Eh, I'll tell you later.

q: Why do the French only eat one egg for breakfast?
a: Because it's un oeuf.

q: What did the right boob say to the left boob?
a: "You're my breast friend"

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn-husker?
a: The epileptic corn-husker shucks between fits.

q: Difference between Port Authority and a lobster with breast implants?
a: One's a crusty bus station... The other's a busty crustacean! 

q: What does a deaf woman say to a premature ejaculator?
a: Come again?

q: What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls?
a: Sparky

q: What's the difference between cancer and a black guy?
a: Cancer can get jobs

q: [One to tell militant women]: how many women on their period does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: [Meekly]   

q: What do you call a car with a broken exhaust?
a: Emission impossible

q: Can anyone help me make a joke about running over a child?
a: My dad recently clipped a child on his way to pick my brother up from school. Everyone was okay and everything is sorted out, but he's been noticeably sad and depressed and stuff. I could not come up with any jokes, sadly. Can anyone help me out?

q: What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs who's rolling down a hill?
a: Rick O'Shay.

q: Why did the Republican get a sunburn?
a: Because the sunscreen instructed to apply liberally and he was unwilling to compromise.

q: What's a buffalo's favorite activity?
a: Grazing. 

q: Why can't girls count to 70?
a: 'Cause 69's a mouthful!

q: What is the difference between menstrual blood and sand?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: Girl, do you have 67 protons?
a: Cuz you a Ho

q: How many friendzoned guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None; they all stand around complementing it then get mad when it wont screw. Heard from my friend

q: What does the Indian chef do in his spare time?
a: It's naan of your business!!!

q: Did you hear about the eskimo couple?
a: One cold night, she broke it off!

q: What is Jeremy Clarkson's PIN number?
a: Nought two sixty.

q: What will the neighbors think?
a: With summer getting sunnier a woman asks her husband: "What do you think: should I go sunbathing in the nude in the backyard?" The husband just shrugs and says:"Do as you like." The woman replies: "What do you think the neighbors will say if they see me sunbathing like that?" The husband replies:"They'll probably think I married you for the money."

q: What do you call a biker on her period?
a: A menstrual cyclist!

q: Why is it so easy to trust a hypochondriac?
a: Because none of their plans are ill-conceived.

q: Why do witches not wear panties?
a: You get better grip on the brooms.

q: Why don't the french like kiwifruit?
a: Because of the green piece inside.

q: What do you call it when Charlie Sheen's brother has sex with him?
a: Emilio Incestevez

q: What did one Jewish bird say to the other?
a: "Cheep"

q: What was the under-appreciated, often-exploited kitchen contractor's complaint?
a: I'm always taken for granite!

q: What does a Jewish turtle say when it first meets someone?
a: SHELLom

q: What's the difference between an apple an a dead baby?
a: I don't cum on an apple before I eat it

q: How many men does it take to close the toilet seat?
a: No one knows yet!

q: How do we know Andy Taylor never had grandchildren?
a: Because Opie is faggot

q: What do you call it when you second guess your decision to book a stay at a Native American resort?
a: A reservation reservation reservation.  Credit to Brian Regan, this is my favorite joke of his!

q: Who Is The Real Boss?
a: The Boss of our small company was complaining during a staff meeting that people didnt respect him enough. Trying to change the attitude in the office he came in the next day with a sign for his door it said, I am the boss. One of the employees apparently not appreciating the change posted a post-a-note on the sign it said your wife wants her sign back 

q: Why do girls generally go to the bathroom in groups?
a: 'Cause they're a bunch of pussies.

q: what do people call bob the builder when he's not building anything?
a: bob

q: Why didn't the NSA request AT&T's phone records?
a: Because they can't monitor all those dropped calls!

q: Where's the best place to weigh a pie?
a: [ ] Some-where over the rain-bow... Weigh a pie.

q: Why was the sacajawea coin made?
a: because the Trail Of Tears had a toll booth.

q: Why are pedophiles terrible Blackjack players?
a: They don't hit on anything over 14.

q: What's the technical term for a female to male sex change?
a: A strapadictome

q: What do you get when you stick your hand in a blender?
a: a handshake

q: Why are ducks funny?
a: Cause they be quacking jokes

q: How do you advertise a motor home?
a: A trailer

q: What does grandma's crotch smell like?
a: Depends

q: What do you call the neighborhood where all the poor Italians live?
a: The spaghetto.

q: Why did the baby squirrel wear a diaper?
a: To hide his nuts!!

q: How does Jaden Smith keep getting roles in big movies?
a: Where there's a Will, there's a way.

q: What is the difference between an event at the X Games and a sorrority?
a: One is a bunch of Cunning Stunts

q: Why does Bill Clinton prefer B.J.s?
a: Because he hates Costco.

q: Where did Mario and Luigi go to school?
a: At 'Wass-a-matta U'

q: Did you know Han Solo had an employment agency?
a: Han Jobs

q: This is one of those gems thought up at 4 am, why does nobody listen to Neo-Nazis?
a: It's all just white noise.

q: How are socks like Boy Scouts?
a: They always come pre-paired. 

q: Whats the best thing about doing twenty four year olds?
a: Theres twenty four of them.

q: Who's the laziest doctor at the hospital?
a: ''Doctor Dolittle.'' EDIT: The doctor off that movie that talks to the animals.

q: What does a Math Professor do when he's constipated?
a: He works it out with a pencil.

q: What's an epileptic's least favorite pizza place?
a: Little Seizures.

q: Why did Skrillex get fired from the antique shop?
a: Because he d-d-d-d-dropped the vase.  Stupid. I know. 

q: What do you call shit that comes out with a fart?
a: An Unexpecturd.

q: Where did sally go when the bombs dropped?
a: Everywhere

q: What kind of juice does hitler drink?
a: Concentrated juice.

q: I don't pay for prostitute, they pay me to stop ?
a: Up vote if you agree

q: What did the Muslim train conductor say to the passengers as they were getting on?
a: Allah-board

q: What did the cell say to his sister who stepped on his toe?
a: Mitosis!

q: How did the fruits get married?
a: They Cantaeloped!

q: Why do redditors have so many inside jokes?
a: Because we're too afraid to go outside

q: How many rats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two, but you have to get them in the lightbulb first.

q: Joke my kid made up when he was like 4.... What do you call an angry shopper using bad words?
a: A cussomer. 

q: What do WNBA players make?
a: Sandwiches.  Friend told me this today and had to share

q: How does Santa know if he lands on a Jewish house?
a: There's a parking meter on the roof.

q: what kind of file makes a 1 inch hole into a 3 inch hole?
a: a pedophile

q: Why didn't the lesbians go shopping for sports equipment?
a: Because they don't like Dicks.

q: Why do peasants watch the Weather Channel?
a: To get the serf report

q: What's the wrong way to feed the cat?
a: to the dog.

q: Where do burgers like to dance?
a: At a meatball!

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic druggie lawyer who just finished rehab?
a: He's already started suing again.

q: Why couldn't the Coast Guard save the hippie?
a: Because he was wayyy far out man.

q: What's a hipster's favorite painkiller?
a: It's a local anthesisia anesthesia, you've probably never heard of it. 

q: What do you call a capital lambda?
a: A sheep-da

q: What do you call an angry wind?
a: A cross breeze.

q: What do you call a vampire whose car breaks down 3 miles from a blood bank?
a: A cab.

q: What did Cesar say when the people of Rome wanted to re-empower the Tribune?
a: Oh, Plebes.

q: What is Tom Hanks' wireless password?
a: 1forrest1

q: What did the black hole say to the pulsar?
a: I don't think you understand the gravity of your situation

q: So what's the best part about dead baby jokes?
a: They never get old.

q: What's brown and hides in the attic?
a: The Diarrhea of Anne Frank

q: Why does Mike Tyson cry during sex?
a: Mace

q: Why did the cactus cross the road?
a: It got stuck to the chicken. 

q: What did Kanye West say when he saw the Red Wedding episode of Game of Thrones?
a: Dat shit Frey.

q: You know what makes my blood boil?
a: Temperatures above 100 degrees celsius.

q: What is the stinkiest businessman?
a: Entra-Manure 

q: What's really important to a bat when they are looking for a new home?
a: Echo-location, location, location (Replace "bat" with "zubat" if you wish.)

q: What's the bright side of being knocked unconscious and raped?
a: At least you get to start with an anonymous tip.

q: What do you call a little Lannister when winter finally comes?
a: Peter Shrinklage

q: What kind of tree would Hanna Montana be?
a: A 'Miley Cyprus'.  Dear god, shoot me.

q: What do you call a group of people from Portugal?
a: Portugeese

q: How do you know when a hiptser is a good secret agent?
a: You've never heard of him.

q: Why did the interjecting, dismissive, gay Italian have so many problems?
a: Probably because he was such a- "Fagget about it!"

q: Where do drinks go on vacation?
a: Coaster Rica

q: What do you call 10 lawyers chained to the bottom of the ocean?
a: A good start.

q: Why are jokes in base 8 not funny?
a: Because 7,10,11!

q: What did the self-deprecating Indian say about his car?
a: "It has Injun problems."

q: Why does nobody like a rich stone?
a: Because he takes everything for granite.

q: Which war was the hungriest?
a: Viet-nom.

q: What do a politician and a sperm have in common?
a: One in thousnads has a chance to e a human being.  ~Edit: I edited the title. 

q: What did the Mancunian abortion doctor say to the fetus?
a: "Don't look back in hanger"

q: Did you hear the one about the church that burned down?
a: Holy Smokes!

q: What happens when you sit on a grape?
a: It gives out a little wine!

q: Do you know what a Canadian's favourite gun is?
a: Eh-K-47

q: What sexual position creates the ugliest kids?
a: Ask your parents

q: What do you call a rapper who masterbates a lot?
a: Lil Wayne-ker

q: Why do girls talk so much?
a: They have four lips

q: How many Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, that's a Mexican's job.

q: Why did the gynecologist get taken in for questioning?
a: He smelled a little fishy.  Edit: a word. 

q: What's the difference between your dick and a joke?
a: Nobody laughs at your jokes.

q: Why are woman so happy in wedding photos?
a: They know they've given their last blowjob. 

q: Why does the farmer hate his mule?
a: Because when it works, it is always half-ass.

q: Three Tampons are walking down the street, which one doesnt talk to you?
a: None of them, they are all stuck up cunts

q: Why do they call it a third eye?
a: If its on your fourhead?

q: What has 341 teeth and holds back The Hulk?
a: My zipper.

q: What is Napoleon Dynamite's Favorite TV Dinner?
a: Tot Pockets

q: What do you call the babies born in a whorehouse?
a: Brothel sprouts.

q: What were the favorite Linux text editors of 8 randomly selected Monty Python fans?
a: vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, vim, emacs, and vim.

q: Why did the lion get lost?
a: Because jungle is massive

q: What do Rick Ross and a dominatrix have in common?
a: They're both interested in whips and chains.

q: What's the difference between a Slut and a Bitch?
a: A Slut sleeps with everyone A Bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.

q: What's the difference between a soldier and a teacher?
a: As a soldier, it is your job to kill people. As a teacher, it is your job to try very hard not to kill people.

q: Are you having trouble finding your kids' name's on bottles of Coca Cola?
a: Then I bet you wish you'd given them proper names instead of thinking you were clever by calling them Lake and Destiny.

q: So someone dropped a Chinese baby in a toilet?
a: My advice is to pop it in a bag of rice overnight...

q: Why does Tyler Perry put his name on everything he makes?
a: So you know what shows   to watch.

q: What is the difference between a introverted engineer and an extroverted engineer?
a: What is the difference between a introverted engineer and an extroverted engineer? An introverted engineer looks at his feet when he talks to you. An extroverted engineer looks at YOUR feet when he talks to you!

q: Why are there no Irish lawyers?
a: They can't pass the bar.

q: How can you tell if someone's a vegan?
a: Don't worry--THEY'LL FUCKING TELL YOU.

q: Did you hear about the leper on the trampoline?
a: He strained his leg.  

q: What is a Redneck virgin?
a: A 7-year-old that can run faster than her brothers!

q: Did you hear about the photographer that got locked in his darkroom?
a: He died of exposure.  It was not a pretty picture.

q: did you hear about this new fish?
a: nevermind it's satill in beta

q: Why aren't your buttcheeks horizontal?
a: Because if you went down a slide you'd go blblblblblblblblbll... (When telling the joke you're supposed to do a duck face and hum and put your finger up and down on your lips.

q: How many Firefly fans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: They wouldn't. They'd rather spend a decade bitching about how it went out.

q: Why did the Redneck cross the road?
a: Because he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.

q: What is the best formula for leaving Auschwitz?
a: Lenght of chimney x wind speed

q: Wanna join my feminist group?
a: We usually are outside for hours arguing over who get the hold the door open for everyone.

q: What did Obama mean when he called for "change"?
a: Come  Help  A Nigger  Get  Elected

q: What's the squeakiest ride at the fair?
a: The haunted mouse

q: Why is a gay God purty cool?
a: Because he makes two Adams smash together

q: Why would you wrap masking tape around a 3 day old baby?
a: So it doesn't burst when you fuck it.

q: Got this from my dad tonight...You know why they don't have CSI in Arkansas?
a: They don't have enough teeth for dental records, and they all have the same DNA.

q: What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a boner??
a: He breaks his nose.

q: Chantelle has 756 friends on Facebook. She adds 122, what does she have?
a: Huge tits. 

q: Why did the elevator take antidepressants?
a: It was feeling down

q: Shrapnel related jokes please?
a: My dad just took a piece of metal to his chest and it is imbedded in his skin. We have thought of all jokes possible relevant to the situation. He has a good sense of humor. We need more jokes.  Please help me reddit!

q: How does R.Kelly end a joke?
a: Ba dum 

q: What did Jay Z call his girlfriend before they got married?
a: His Feyonce.

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow who won a Nobel Prize?
a: He's out standing in his field.

q: What do you call a Jewish feline?
a: A yama-cat

q: What do you have to know to be an auctioneer?
a: Lots

q: Why can't Michael Jackson play chess?
a: Because he's dead.

q: What does a walrus and tupperware have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal

q: How do you get three old ladies to say the "F" word?
a: Yell "BINGO!"

q: What's the difference between Stephen Harper and Rob Ford?
a: One likes pipelines, and the other likes pipes   lines.

q: How many bees does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two, but how do they get in there?

q: Why is Kim Jung Un so upset?
a: because he has no Seoul

q: What do you say to a guy with kidney stones?
a: Urine trouble!

q: What's the worst thing that could happen if you don't use a condom?
a: Your parents would know!

q: Did you know Helen Keller is on the back of the Alabama quarter?
a: "No, and I bet she hasn't heard about it." "She probably hasn't seen it either."

q: What's the difference in Xbox One and your mother?
a: I genuinely care about your mother.

q: How many Freemasons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: It's a secret!

q: Why didn't the buddhist accept the Nitrous Oxide for his root canal?
a: Because he wanted to transcend dental medication. 

q: What's white on bottom and black on top?
a: Rape.

q: What is a KKK member's favorite board game?
a: CROSS fire

q: Why didn't Jesus eat bacon?
a: It wasn't because he was Jewish, it's because he didn't exsist. 

q: A Mexican , a black guy , an arab and A Jew Jump out of a plane....who wins?
a: Society 

q: Record for the world's smallest penis?
a: Must be hard to beat.

q: What's Whitney Houstons's favourite type of co-ordination?
a: HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE

q: Why is unemployment rising in Jamaica?
a: Because they're jahbless!

q: What's the difference between acne and catholic priests?
a: Acne waits until you've hit puberty to come on your face.

q: What month was King Kong born in?
a: Ape-ril

q: Why was the sapling such a horrible entrepreneur?
a: Because he couldn't branch out.

q: Why did the man angrily throw out his alarm clock this morning?
a: Because it reminded him of Jonathan Clock the man who raped his wife the night before.

q: What do you call a gay man with a hard-on?
a: Homo erectus.

q: How do you make a 5yr old cry twice?
a: When you rub your dick on her teddy bear.

q: What did the Russian woman say to her violent husband?
a: Vladislav, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.

q: What is the difference between a pregnant lady and a lightbulb?
a: You can unscrew a lightbulb

q: How long does it take to tune a double bass?
a: Nobody knows.

q: What kind of peanuts get warts?
a: Planters.

q: what did the cloud say to the atmosphere?
a: what the hail was that?!

q: What's it called when you a kill a sapling?
a: Arbortion

q: How do you make a plumber cry?
a: Kill his entire family

q: Do y'all have any tips on growing Salvia officinalis?
a: I could use some sage advice.

q: Why did the baker have smelly fingers?
a: Because he kneaded a poo.

q: Did you here about the Jewish son who asked his father for $50?
a: The father says - "40 dollars, what do you need 30 dollars for?"

q: Death Jokes for a homework assignment?
a: I'm taking a psychology of death and dying class, and one of the assignments is to dig up some jokes about death, dead people, dying, etc. Whatever you post here will probably make it into my paper. Anything you can think of will help and I'll probably end up laughing my ass off reading through here. 

q: What starts with Y and ends with a D?
a: You're gonna get raped!

q: What did Harry Potter say when he found Dumbledore in bed with his godfather?
a: Are you fucking Sirius?

q: Do you know why they call it the Xbox One?
a: Because you take one look and walk away.

q: How do you stop an F4 tornado from destroying a town?
a: A roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris!  However, this method will cause more destruction than the tornado.

q: What's the best part of two lesbians marrying?
a: Two cooks in the house.

q: April showers bring May flowers. But what do May flowers bring?
a: Pilgrims.

q: What do you call a group of homosexual musicians from India who never get to play out?
a: A Gay Raj band

q: What's the diffrence between a girl in a church and a girl in a bath?
a: The girl in a church has a soul full of hope and the girl in a bath has, well... EDIT: better structure.

q: What's red and green and goes 100mph?
a: A frog in a blender.

q: Does size matter?
a: Some women say size doesn't matter. Some even say that they prefer smaller ones. I think that they're just shallow.

q: What is the biggest key when moving a piano up a flight of stairs?
a: Be sharp or Be flat.

q: Where do puppies go when they die?
a: Back into the microwave so I can get in another round.

q: Why does Saudi Arabia import so many camels from Australia?
a: They've got to get their 72 virgins 

q: What do you call some one with no body and no nose?
a: Nobody knows.

q: What do terrorist Weight Watchers use?
a: Weapons of mass-reduction.

q: What do you call it when a group of chickens rebel against their farmers?
a: Coop d'etah

q: Did the girl ever go to the whore Olympics?
a: Nah, she couldn't be fucked.

q: What did the depressed plankton do?
a: It krilled iself!

q: Why did the baker have so many customers?
a: He desperately kneaded the dough!

q: Want to hear the one about my penis..?
a: You wouldn't get it... It's too long.

q: Why do hipsters drink coffee so quickly?
a: They want to finish before it's cool.

q: How is a 9 Volt Battery similar to an Anus?
a: You know you shouldn't, but eventually you're gunna lick it.

q: What do you call a prostitute after a 12 hour shift?
a: A box of assorted creams.

q: What does Mr. T say when he sees a fat lady at a bar?
a: I pity the stool!

q: Why does China hate Digimon Fans?
a: Because they recognise Ty won

q: What does Mortal Kombat and a Helsinki church have in common?
a: Finnish hymns

q: What do <school name> cheerleaders and a shotgun have in common?
a: Give them 2 cocks and they'll blow. 

q: Whats your best "This is so bad that ____" joke?
a: For example, "this is so bad TBS just picked it up for 6 episodes."

q: What do people in Prague call abortions?
a: Canceled Czechs

q: What do you do to an elephant with three balls?
a: Walk him, and pitch to the giraffe! 

q: What do you call a Mexican child?
a: A paragraph, because he isn't yet an se.

q: Did you hear about the murder mystery porno?
a: In the end, everyone did it.

q: What was the Walrus doing in the Tupperware store?
a: Looking for the tight seal

q: Where is the best place to have anal sex?
a: A cemetary, freaks a woman out a little bit, makes it that much tighter...

q: What's a Jehovah's Witness's favorite band?
a: The Doors.

q: Can a ninja bring a ninja star into the airport?
a: Shuriken.

q: Whats the last thing you give a tickle me elmo before it leaves the factory?
a: Two test-tickles.

q: What do philosophical dolphins say?
a: What's the porpoise? 

q: What happened to the little Dutch boy after he put his finger in the dyke?
a: ...she shattered his jaw!

q: How many bros does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. They prefer Natural Light.

q: How did the Burger King get the Dairy Queen pregnant?
a: He forgot to wrap his whopper.

q: What happens when you predict snow but don't get any?
a: We had a female news anchor that, the day after it was supposed  to have snowed and didn't, turned to the weatherman  and asked:  'So Bobby, where's that 8 inches you  promised me last night?' 

q: What do the Enterprise and and toilet paper have in common?
a: They both circle around Uranus searching for klingons.

q: Why do you let him call you that?
a: A man walks into a bar, thirsty for a drink. He finds an open stool and sits down at the bar. The bartender looks at him and asks, "what do you want, jackass?" The man sitting next to him looks shocked and asks, "are you going to let him call you that?" "HEE HAW, HEE HAW, HE ALWAYS CALLS ME THAT."

q: What do you call a gay paraplegic?
a: Rolaids.

q: What do you call the guy that graduated last in his class at med school?
a: Doctor.

q: How are neutrinos and i alike?
a: Were both constantly penetrating your mom

q: If you had to steal a bike from someone, who would it be?
a: A black guy, because it's probably already stolen.

q: Whats a Mexicans Favorite sport?
a: Cross-Crountry

q: How does a blond like her eggs in the morning?
a: "fertilized"

q: How many NBA refs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they only screw playoff games.

q: What do Brazilian cats speak?
a: Purr-tuguese

q: What kind of pants did the Japanese porn star wear to her job interview?
a: Bu-khakis

q: How man hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: It's an obscure number, your probably never heard of it. 

q: What did the Mexican put under his carpet?
a: Underlay! Underlay!

q: Ever wondered why is being gay a sin?
a: It's simple. We all know 69 as a sex position. Satan's own number is 666. Now think about gays, and 666 as a sex position.

q: How many lazy people does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Count for yourself...

q: What do you give a cannibal late for Sunday lunch?
a: The cold shoulder

q: Fish sticks?
a: Do you like fishdicks?  Do you like to put fishsticks in your mouth? You're a gay fish.

q: How many ADD kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Wanna ride bikes?

q: What did the prolapsed anus say to the sock?
a: I like your hat. 

q: For The Musicians: What's the difference between an orchestra and a bull?
a: On a bull, the horns are at the front, and the ass hole is at the back.

q: What do you get a first dad for father's day?
a: Condoms.   Courtesy of my witty ole' uncle mike

q: What do Mexicans use to cut pizza?
a: Little Caesars.

q: What do you call someone who never farts in public?
a: A PRIVATE TUTOR

q: Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any children?
a: Every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel..

q: What do you get when you squeeze a synagogue?
a: Jews.

q: Why did the farmer name his pig Ink?
a: Because he kept running out of the pen.

q: Which country has the most millionaires?
a: Zimbabwe.

q: What does a duck like to have for breakfast?
a: Quacker Oats

q: What do rabbis call the leftovers of a circumcision?
a: Debris.

q: What's a Mormon's favorite sexual position?
a: You'd probably think it's missionary, but i'm pretty sure they'd try the back door if they had the chance.

q: Why do LEGO men hate going to hospital...?
a: Because plastic surgery costs a fortune!

q: How many paranoids does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Who wants to know?

q: What kind of nuts go on your feet?
a: ... Cashews. 

q: What is black, white, and red all over?
a: Interracial double penetration

q: What's Scoobys birthstone?
a: Ruuuubbbby?

q: How do you know Little Miss Muffet was a bodybuilder?
a: She was always eating her curds and whey.

q: How are woman and tornadoes alike?
a: They both moan like hell when they come and take the house when they leave.

q: What's the last thing that goes through a bug's head when it hits a windshield?
a: Its ass. 

q: What did Davy Crockett say when he showed up to the Alamo?
a: "What are all these landscapers doing here?"

q: What did the left butt cheek say to the right one?
a: If we stick together, we can stop this shit. 

q: What college did Michael Jackson go to?
a: Bringham Young

q: What do you call an impotent lizard?
a: A reptile dysfunction 

q: What do you call a smart blonde?
a: A golden retriever

q: Is there something called "Your mama so foreign..."-jokes?
a: Please share if you have any, no rules O.o

q: Why do Little People hate the taste of alcohol?
a: Because they can't reach the top shelf. 

q: How many emos does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, Rather than change it they will just sit in a corner and cry like little bitches

q: Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards??
a: Cause they love the part when the hooker returns the money!

q: Why is camping so much fun?
a: It's intense!

q: What's a blonde with a shotgun in wheat field?
a: .. A cereal killer !

q: What is the worst thing about sex in a cemetery?
a: All the damn digging.

q: Wheres the library at?
a: So a guy from Minnesota goes to Harvard and he goes up to one of the students and asks, "hey could you tell me where the library is at"? and the student snobbly replies, "This is Harvard we don't end our sentences with prepositions". To which the student form Minnesota replies, "okay, could you tell me where the library is at asshole"?

q: What part of a vegetable is the hardest to eat?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What do you call a social studies class that got burnt down?
a: History

q: What did one unemployed cancer cell say to the other unemployed cancer cell?
a: Let's get Jobs.  Found in the comments of a   post by   

q: What do you call a well-hung gay man?
a: Fruit by the foot.

q: How do you piss off a female archeologist?
a: Give her a used tampon and ask her what period it came from.

q: How do you get 1000 dead babies into a phone booth?
a: A blender. How do you get them out? Tostitos

q: What does an elephant use for a tampon?
a: A sheep. 

q: What did the volcano say to the other volcano?
a: Do you lava me like I lava you?

q: What's the difference between your momma and a mallard with a cold?
a: One's a sick duck, and I forget the rest of the joke but your mother's a whore.

q: What do you call a weak cup of tea?
a: Subtlety.

q: What do you call it when a homosexual asks a question?
a: A Query. 

q: Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged?
a: Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.

q: What do you call an ion that also raps?
a: Fluoride, duh.

q: Where do naughty rays of light go?
a: Prism (Note: I made this joke up. Sorry if this little note refracts from the humour.)

q: Are you russian?
a: No, I'm not in a hurry.

q: What do u call 3 mexicans, 1 asian, and 4 blacks?
a: A water sprinkler, cuz it goes spic...spic... spic, chink, niggerniggerniggernigger I'm black btw, heard it at an anti-racism assembly in high school of all places.

q: What is the inner temperature of a Tauntaun?
a: Luke warm.

q: What did Ahab say when Moby Dick raised his tail?
a: Whale shit!

q: What do you get hanging from apple trees?
a: Sore Arms.

q: What did the pervert say to the Sex Detective?
a: I'm sorry officer I didn't know this was your jurisdicktion. I heard this on a movie years ago,  can anyone guess which one it was? 

q: Why did the golfer wear 2 shirts when he went golfing?
a: In case he got a hole-in-one!

q: What do you call a bad ass phone that doesn't work?
a: Off the hook. (It's stupid but I did make it up)

q: Why can't the Maple Leafs have any tea?
a: Because Boston has all the cups!

q: What's the Best thing about Duct Tape?
a: It turns Noooo! Noooo! Noooo!......to..... Mmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmm.

q: What's the difference between a magician and a psychologist?
a: A magician makes rabbits appear in hats, while a psychologist makes habits appear in rats.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a Boy Scout?
a: A Boyscout comes back from camp!

q: What's the most well mannered dinosaur?
a: A plesiosaur.

q: So did you guys hear that Farrah from Teen Mom has a sex video?
a: It must be a prequel spin off.

q: What's the difference between Iron Man and iron woman?
a: Iron Man is a superhero. Iron woman is a command.

q: What's the clinical name for Viagra?
a: Mycoxafloppin.

q: What's red and crawls up your leg?
a: A homesick abortion.

q: Did anyone else witness that jet crashing into the ocean?
a: It was plane to sea.  

q: Why does the little mermaid where sea shells?
a: 'Cause the B-shells were too small.

q: Did you hear about the ghost who got put in prison?
a: He was charged with possession.

q: What do you get when you mix a rooster with peanut butter?
a: A cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.

q: What did the pool cleaner say to the impatient swimmer?
a: Whoa, whoa, whoa... Wade just a minute. 

q: How does Sean Connery's dog bark?
a: Woofsh

q: How did the farmer feel after he ripped his clothing?
a: Let's just say he felt overall sadness.

q: what do you call an asian lounge singer?
a: george crooney

q: Why is Shakespeare bad at hunting?
a: because he can't aim steadily  

q: What's India's most popular dating service?
a: Connect the Dots.

q: Why do you make more money?
a: A heart surgeon takes his Cadillac to his mechanic to get his engine fixed. When he returns a few days after to pick up the car, the mechanic calls him over to show him something. He says, "Okay Doc, I've changed the seals out and fixed everything up but I have one question. The engine is to the car as the heart is to the body. Why is it that you make some much more money than me?" The doctor examines the engine carefully and says, "try fixing it while the engine is running." 

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs playing in a pile of leaves?
a: Rustle

q: How much semen does a catholic priest have?
a: A butt load...

q: Did you hear about the new Marvel superhero movie about the guy who kills villains with bad jokes?
a: It's called The Pun-isher.

q: What did the paraplegic father say when his teenage daughter came out of the closet?
a: I will not stand for this.

q: What do a hot girl and my little toe have in common?
a: I bang them both on my coffee table at night. 

q: Any jokes I can tell my teachers?
a: I would love some jokes to tell to my teachers :D

q: What does religion and Ikea have in common?
a: The stuff they have looks good but its impossible to put together. huehue

q: What do you get when you cross Jesus with a dinosaur?
a: A velocirapture

q: Where do conspiracy theorists keep their ideas?
a: In a skeptic tank. (Note: I just made up this joke earlier today. I'm not 100% sure the joke is obvious; feel free to suggest a better wording!)

q: What's the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer?
a: Mick Jagger says "Hey (hey) you (you) get off of my cloud..." the Scottish farmer says "Hey McCloud get off of my ewe"

q: To a necrophiliac, what is the only thing better than a human-sized refrigerator?
a: A human-sized microwave.

q: How long does it take a necrophiliac to screw in a light bulb?
a: Not long... they like to do it while it's still warm.

q: You are?
a: Follow instructions. Say - Eye Spell-map Say-ness

q: Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
a: A rooster goes cockle-doodle-doo and and a prostitute goes any cock will do

q: What did the cannibal get when he arrived late for dinner?
a: The cold shoulder!

q: What's the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?
a: You can't hear an enzyme

q: What's the most disgusting, distasteful international treaty organization?
a: EU!

q: When do Catholics allow the use of condoms?
a: When the choir boys have diarrhea.

q: What was the former name of captain Hook?
a: Captain Hand

q: What's the best thing about bee's?
a: It's knees.

q: What's a ginger's favorite drink?
a: Ginger ale!

q: Have you heard of the Jewish "Catch 22"?
a: Free Ham!

q: What'd the man with 5 penises say..?
a: These pants fit like a glove!

q: What's the difference between polite conversation and an erection?
a: I can maintain polite conversation.

q: Why did the period and and semicolon break up?
a: Because they had nothing in comma

q: What does an Italian sound like walking through the rain?
a: Dago wop wop wop

q: What do a creationist and a dude with a dinosaur bone fetish have in common?
a: They both get a hard on when they find a gap in the fossil record. 

q: How do you get a guitar player to turn down his amp?
a: Give him sheet music.

q: Did you hear the one where a father told his kid to quit masturbating or he'd go blind?
a: His kid said, "Dad, I'm over here!"

q: What do you have when you got a bag of weed and a bottle of Jack Daniel's?
a: Jackpot!

q: What do Cerial killers drink?
a: milk 

q: What do you call an illegally parked frog?
a: Toad.

q: What does it taste like to eat out an 85 year old woman?
a: Depends

q: Why can't you tell when a pterodactyl is going to the bathroom?
a: Because the pee is silent.

q: What would you call The Flintstones if they were black?
a: Niggers.

q: Did you hear Willie Nelson died?
a: He was playing on the road again.

q: What is Pat Sajak's favorite Christmas carol?
a: No L

q: How can you tell if a black guy is well hung?
a: You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.

q: What do you call a mob of armed lesbians?
a: Militia Etheridge

q: What do you call a prostitute with one leg shorter than the other?
a: A Trampoline.

q: What do you call a generalization made by a farmer?
a: An overall statement.

q: What do you call a girl with a tight vagina from Hong Kong?
a: A Chinese finger trap

q: Did you hear about the crack addict that got trapped in a pyramid?
a: He had to sarcophagi for the drug money

q: What instrument did the famous dog use to sign his autographs?
a: a Shar-Pei :)

q: How do you spot a blind guy at a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard.

q: Did you hear about the confused question mark?
a: He couldn't figure out how he got a period.

q: Do 90-year-old men wear boxers or briefs?
a: Depends.

q: Did you hear about the monkey who was a virgin and didn't care?
a: Zero fucks gibbon. (sorry)

q: Why did Tigger jump down the toilet?
a: He was looking for Pooh.

q: What's the difference between your mom and an alpaca?
a: One's a hairy beast that spits and the other's native to South America.

q: What's a good source of Vietnamese renewable energy?
a: A Nguyen mill.

q: What is Batman's favourite porn site?
a: Motherless.com

q: How do you break a Polacks finger?
a: Punch him in the nose.

q: What do you call a gay Nobel Prize Laureate in a blender?
a: A homogeneous mixture.

q: What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew?
a: A stoner gets baked on purpose

q: What did Liberace die from?
a: Botulism. Bad meat in the can.

q: Why the Japanese kill fish?
a: because Chinese eat fish and Koreans selfish 

q: What happened to the broken down frog?
a: It got   away!

q: What did the banana say to the apple?
a: Nothing. Fruits can't talk. Idiot.

q: Did I tell you the joke about my penis?
a: Oh never mind it's too long.

q: What's the only major difference between Cinco de Mayo and Saint Patrick's day?
a: Nobody wants to pretend to be a Mexican for a day. 

q: What do you call two straight days of rain in Seattle?
a: The weekend!

q: What did the Banana say to the Vibrator?
a: I don't know why you're shaking, she's going to eat me.

q: What do gay cows eat?
a: Haaaaayyyy(gay voice)

q: Did you hear about the dyslexic pimp?
a: He bought a warehouse.

q: What happened to the frog that broke down?
a: It got toad away.

q: One for the Mexican holiday. What do you call four Mexicans drowning?
a: Cuatro Sinko.

q: How do you get a fat girl into bed with you?
a: A piece of cake

q: What did the necrophiliac get after his wife died?
a: Mourning wood.

q: Two fish are in a tank, what does one fish say to the other?
a: How do you drive this thing?!

q: Why should optometrists never tell jokes?
a: Because they're too cornea.

q: Why should you never play Uno with a Mexican?
a: Because they'll steal all the green cards.

q: What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts?
a: Boy Scouts get to leave the camp.

q: Where do Communists go to get burgers?
a: Czechers.

q: How do you organize a party in outer space?
a: You planet.

q: What's Christopher Nolan's favorite song?
a: BBBRRAAAAAAAHHHHHMMM...'s lullaby.

q: Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver?
a: She was a woman.

q: What's the difference between a statesman and a politician?
a: A statesman is a dead politician. God knows we need more statesman.

q: What do you call a three-legged donkey?
a: A wonkey.  What do you call a three-legged donkey with one eye? A winky-wonkey. 

q: What do robots eat?
a: A bit of this and a byte of that.     Courtesy of   here 

q: How does a blind skydiver know when to pull the parachute?
a: When the leash goes slack.

q: What kind of sounds does Jaimie Foxx make in the bedroom?
a: No sound at all, the D is silent 

q: Who is 50 feet tall, has a blue ox and kills co-eds?
a: Ted Bunyan.

q: What did they say about both the winner and the loser of the sock-pairing competition?
a: His pairs are unmatched!

q: Why can't gay people play poker?
a: Because they can't keep a straight face.

q: Why wasn't the pediatrician impressed with the new year's eve Times Square ball drop?
a: Because he has seen plenty of balls drop.  (Sorry)

q: what do you call a fat guy telling all his friends that hes gay for the first time?
a: coming out of the pantry! i dunno if this is the kinda stuff you guys like, but i had to share it with someone.

q: What did the cat cough up when it was sick?
a: Meowcus

q: What do you call a woman who fell off a cliff?
a: Eileen Dover...

q: What's a dentists favorite time of day?
a: Tooth-Hurty

q: What concert is worth 45 cents?
a: 50 cent with Nickelback

q: How does Tony Stark keep his clothes wrinkle-free?
a: Iron, man.

q: The other day I got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it, you know what I call that?
a: I call that unfortunate.

q: Why don't people hang out with the mushroom?
a: He isn't a fungi.

q: What do you call a mathematician who drinks too much?
a: A functioning alcoholic.

q: Why do they call it a "waist"?
a: Because you could easily fit another pair of tits down there.

q: Why is Hitler a terrible wingman?
a: Because he's dead

q: What's an alcoholic's favorite novel?
a: Tequila Mockingbird I made this up just now... I'm so excited about it.

q: How many A.D.D kids does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: WANNA RIDE BIKES?

q: What do you call the blood that comes out when teenagers cut themselves?
a: Emoglobin.

q: Why did the thoroughbred break up with the wild horse?
a: Because she was looking for a stable relationship.

q: Why does a seagull fly over the sea?
a: Because if it flew over the bay it would be a bagel!

q: Have you been on /r/bigdickproblems ?
a: Of course you haven't.

q: What did the deaf, dumb, and blind kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: Why do lesbians prefer going to Sports Authority?
a: They don't like Dicks...

q: Why did Jesus leave the dance floor?
a: Because it was Hammertime'

q: Which Vice President was the best at making beats?
a: Algorithm

q: What is Bear Grylls' favourite vegetable?
a: Leek.

q: Why is Reggae so popular in Utah right now?
a: Because it was popular in California 10 years ago.

q: What's Dale Earnhardt's favorite Pink Floyd album?
a: Dark side of the moon.  You sick bastard.

q: Did you hear that Henry Ford wrote a book?
a: The driving point is that it's auto-biographical.

q: Why was 6 afraid of 9?
a: Because 9 was still alive.

q: Did you hear about the time Pontius Pilate got really drunk?
a: He ended up nailing Jesus.

q: Why was the leper hockey game canceled?
a: There was a face-off in the corner.

q: What do you call a struggling artist?
a: Baroque.

q: What did the chronic masturbator say to his ex-girlfriend?
a: I'm nuttin' without you.

q: Why are fruit rapists seldom found alone?
a: They come in pears

q: April showers bring May flowers. What do May flowers bring?
a: Pilgrims

q: How do you sum up a cashew?
a: In a nutshell!

q: Who is the best Jewish cook?
a: Hitler. 

q: What did Sean Connery say when a book fell on his head?
a: "I have only my shelf to blame"

q: Did you hear about the Buddhist that refused Novocain during a root canal?
a: His goal: transcend dental medication

q: What do a teenage boy and a dog have in common?
a: They both want to bury their bone.

q: How bad is it to poop your pants?
a: It Depends

q: What do all Amish girls want?
a: Two Mennonite 

q: What do you call a fruit that procrastinates?
a: What do you call a fruit that procrastinates? ...A Cramberry!

q: Where can you find a mormon horse?
a: Salt Lick City.  

q: Why did the man go fishing?
a: Just for the halibut.

q: What is a prostitutes favorite food?
a: Anything but blue waffles.

q: What is Reagan's favorite vegetable?
a: Jim Brady

q: Dog or Wife?
a: Your Wife is shouting at you to open the front door, and your dog is barking at the back door. Which one do you let in? Well you can choose, but if you let the dog in at least they will stop barking. 

q: What has a hazelnut in every bite?
a: SQUIRREL SHIT!

q: Why can't Hellen Keller Drive?
a: She's a Woman....  No, Seriously, it's cause she's dead.

q: What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a BMW?
a: I don't have a BMW in my garage.  ....and if I did, I   wouldn't masturbate in it. 

q: Who's the most meta player on a Football team?
a: The PUNter.

q: Did you hear about the temple that burnt down?
a: Holy smokes. 

q: What happened when to the psychoanalyst when he went ice skating for the first time?
a: A Freudian Slip

q: Want to know where to find the worst pun in Alberta?
a: Call gary

q: How many people from Chernobyl does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None.  They glow in the dark.

q: Is it possible to be bored to death?
a: That all depends on the drill.

q: How do you make a pole angry?
a: Deport him.

q: Why couldn't the kid get into the pirate movie?
a: It was rated R.

q: What do accidental pregnancies and locked cars both have in common?
a: Both can be fixed with a coathanger.

q: What's black, white, and red all over and can't turn around in a narrow hallway?
a: A nun with a spear through her head.

q: what did the dildo say to the anal bead?
a: you stink.

q: What's the only thing the English and French agree on?
a: Americans. Alternatives: What's the only thing Americans and the French agree on? The English. What's the only thing the English and Americans agree on? The French.

q: Where do you get frog's eggs?
a: The spawn shop.

q: Why do sharks hate clowns?
a: They taste funny

q: What's green and sings?
a: Elvis Parsley

q: Which one is the odd one out; monopoly, rape, incest?
a: Rape. It's not a family game.

q: How are the Houston Rockets just like Metapod?
a: All they've got is Harden

q: What do a tornado and a redneck wedding have in common?
a: Either way you lose a motorhome.

q: What's the difference between sand and period blood?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: Which one is the odd one out; a Crab, a Tuna, a Chinese man run over by a bus or a Lobster?
a: A tuna, because the rest of them are crustaceans. 

q: What does an arctic wildlife photographer get from sitting around too long?
a: Polaroids.          

q: What do you call a gassy Russian?
a: Vladimir Pootin'

q: What's the difference between a penis and a bonus?
a: The wife always blows the bonus.

q: What do you call it when two Vietnamese people meet?
a: A Nguyen-Nguyen situation

q: What do you call 100 lesbians with assault rifles?
a: Militia Etheridge

q: Whats the difference between a crab with big boobs and a bus station full of punks?
a: One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station

q: What's the definition of a masochist with necrobeastiality tendencies?
a: Someone who literally gets off beating a dead horse.

q: What's a Jewish dilemma?
a: Free bacon. Let the downvotes rain down on me.

q: If Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman had a baby together, what would the kid be like?
a: I know there's a joke in there somewhere... 

q: What do you call a man on your porch?
a: Mat. I neglected to mention he has no arms or legs.

q: Why does Noddy have a bell on top of his hat?
a: Because he's a dickhead.

q: What Daft Punk song is a hit amongst the hispanic community?
a: Juan more time!

q: Hey, Sally... what's your favorite color?
a: Hey, Sally... what's your favorite color? Piiiiiiiink Hey, Sally, what's your favorite smell? Roooooooses Hey Sally, what's your favorite animal? Pretty butterflies! Hey Sally, what's your favorite sound?  BALLS! SLLLLLAPPIN' AGAINST MY ASS!

q: What's the worst thing about eating a vegtable?
a: Putting her back in the wheel chair...

q: How do you shut up a deaf person?
a: Punch them in the hands.

q: What happened to the baseball played who was unfaithful to his wife?
a: He was thrown out at home.  - His two balls got a strike. 

q: What do cats major in college?
a: String theory!!

q: What happens if you get human DNA in a goat?
a: You get banned from the petting zoo. 

q: What did Hitler say to the student that got a question wrong?
a: That is Nazi answer.

q: Why couldn't the boarder throw out his collection of potted ferns?
a: They were his best fronds.

q: Did you hear about the amateur porn actor with the invisible dick?
a: He came out of nowhere.

q: Have you ever observed the depression cycle of a snail?
a: It's pretty much a downward spiral.

q: Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I ever got?
a: It was awesome!

q: How many pushups can Chuck Norris do?
a: All of them!

q: What type of bee makes milk instead of honey?
a: Boobees!!!

q: Why can you not shower with a Pokemon?
a: Because they'll Pikachu

q: Why did the bird refuse Martin Luther's food?
a: It was on a strict diet of worms. edit:  changed pronoun to avoid ambiguity

q: What's sniggers without the s?
a: Snigger. 

q: Why can't the penis and testicles ever be together?
a: Because there's a vas deferens between them.

q: How are a full count in baseball and a mutated 2 time convict the same?
a: They both have 3 balls and 2 strikes.

q: What did the blond do with her asshole in the morning?
a: Pack him a lunch and tell him to go to work!

q: Why are there no penguins in Britain?
a: They're scared of Wales.

q: First day back in the office on Boylston not going so well. Feel good jokes?
a: Hey guys, so our office is right between where the two bombs went off in Boston last week. They opened everything back up last night, and so we're back in today. I saw a lot of stuff that I never wanted to last week, and it seems like I'm the only one here (out of 6 employees) that is really struggling with this. Can you help me get through today with some feel good jokes?

q: Why did Pinocchio tell lies?
a: Because he was a fucking liar! -from Louis CK's AMA-

q: What does the Scottish man say after love making?
a: I love ewe!

q: What's yellow and smells of bananas?
a: Monkey vomit

q: Why did Saddam Hussein never have sex?
a: ....because he was afraid he'd see Bush. 

q: Why did the man quit working at the cemetery?
a: It was hard to make a living. 

q: Are there any recorded jokes from prehistoric times? What was the humor like back then?
a: I was just wondering about how many jokes today maybe irrelevant 100 years into the future. To test this theory, what are the oldest recorded jokes? 

q: Why do sharks like salt water?
a: Because pepper makes them sneeze

q: What sound does a Japanese camera make?
a: "Crick"

q: What's the best part about having a hooker die on you?
a: The second hour is free.

q: Isn't it weird that phrases mean something totally different as an adult than when you were a kid?
a: Like, "It's time for a spanking." "You've been a bad girl." Or "Come over here and suck daddy's dick."

q: Are limericks still in?
a: There once was a genie with a 10 foot wienie  so he showed it to the woman next door she thought it was a snake so she hit it with a rake and now it is 5foot 4

q: Where do white supremacists go shopping?
a: KKK-Mart.

q: What did the lonely hedgehog get at the sex shop?
a: A pinecone.

q: Thought of this joke in a dream. What did one tectonic plate say to the other tectonic plate?
a: "Bro, do you even shift?"

q: What happened when the car took LSD?
a: It went on a road trip and had an auto body experience!

q: How do you make a racing snail faster?
a: I tried taking his shell off but it only made him more sluggish.

q: Did you hear about the Hollywood actress that got murdered...?
a: Person 1: Her name was Reese, errr, Reese, Reese whatshername... Person 2: Witherspoon? Person 1: No, with a knife. 

q: What would you get if you cross breed a Borg with a Ferengi?
a: A scientologist.

q: What did the god of lightning say after working out for the first time?
a: I'm Thor

q: What do mexicans call their erect penises?
a: Beaners

q: Why are dyslexic zombies such good plumbers?
a: Because they're always looking for drains.

q: What do you call it when you meet somebody in a bathroom at a conference?
a: Pee-er to pee-er networking (P2P).

q: What do you call it when a DJ doesn't wear a period appropriate costume?
a: Era Error

q: What do you get when you mix gangsta rap and relational aesthetics?
a: Albums released through California penal records.

q: How do you best serve burned food?
a: Coal'd.

q: How many blonde jokes are there?
a: One... The rest are true stories.

q: Why did semen cross the road?
a: Put on the wrong sock.....

q: How did Luke Skywalker know what Darth Vader got him for his Birthday?
a: He felt his presents.

q: What does cheese say when you take its picture?
a: Make sure you get my Gouda side!

q: How many Heros does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: All, to save this world from the darkness. 

q: Is elliott a lawn mower?
a: He is really gay

q: What's the difference between Doctor Who and Facebook?
a: When the Doctor changes the timeline, it's usually for a good reason.

q: What do you call a couch, chair, and a table made out of plants?
a: What do you call a couch, chair, and a table made out of plants? Ferniture.

q: Why did the police officer smell?
a: Because he was on duty.

q: Why did the man get fired from the orange juice factory?
a: Because he couldn't concentrate.

q: What did the Olympic size swimming pool say to the kiddie pool?
a: I can't be your friend anymore you're just too shallow!

q: Why did they bury the fireman beneath the hill?
a: because he was DEAD

q: What is the difference between a Ferrari and a boner?
a: I don't have a Ferrari.

q: Why did the obtuse triangle go to the beach?
a: Because it was more than 90 degrees.

q: How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: To get to the other side

q: if you have 1 cricket ball in 1 hand and another cricket ball in the other, what do you have?
a: 1 very large cricket

q: What's the difference between parsley and pussy?
a: No one likes to eat parsely.

q: Why did the Hobbit put his phone on silent?
a: Because he was bored of the rings!

q: Did you hear about the shortsighted circumciser?
a: He got the sack.

q: What did the wall outlet say to the appliance?
a: "You're grounded."

q: What's the difference between a goat and a ram?
a: I can't goat my dick in your ass.

q: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?
a: It was too tired...

q: Why does everyone keep saying the Boston Marathon was a tragedy?
a: I heard everybody had a blast. 

q: Why are there no gays in a mental asylum?
a: Because they can't wear a strait-jacket.

q: You guys wanna hear a sushi joke? Alright... How do you make a tuna roll?
a: Push it down a hill.

q: Why did the leper return to the shower?
a: He forgot his head and shoulders.

q: What does the man with two left feet ask the shoe salesman?
a: "Do you sell flip-flips?"

q: How are men like fuses?
a: Once they're blown, they're useless.

q: What is Mozart doing right now?
a: De-composing

q: Did any of you hear about that pedo music teacher?
a: The one who broke a G string while fingering A minor.

q: What do sexy farmers say all day?
a: "Brown-chicken-brown-cow!"  And then they swagger a bit.

q: Why did the woman divorce the grape?
a: She was tired of raisin' kids.

q: (original) What hit song did Phil Collins write the after a big dinner at an Indian restaurant?
a: I can feel it coming In The Air Tonight, Oh Lord!

q: What do you do when attacked by a group if clowns?
a: Go for the juggler.

q: How did the Catholic Priest finish the marathon?
a: He was second to Nun.

q: How did David Copperfield get HIV?
a: From doing Magic.

q: How do Sesame Street characters reproduce?
a: Big bird's eggs and ABCmen.

q: What are all sports in Africa called?
a: The hunger games

q: How do you keep a black person from drowning?
a: You don't

q: Why shouldn't you shower with a Pokemon?
a: It might Pikachu.

q: What happened to the Asian man that walked into a wall with an erection?
a: He broke his glasses.

q: What is the definition of "indefinitely"?
a: When your balls slap your girlfriend's ass, you know you're in definitely.

q: What's the last thing you want to hear when you're getting a blowjob from Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson"

q: Why didn't the construction worker like to get wet?
a: Because he didn't drywall. 

q: what are the best sort of bees?
a: boobies 

q: what did the indian chief say when his dog jumped off the cliff?
a: dog gone

q: Why does Ariel wear seashells?
a: Because she can't fit into D shells

q: What is the worst part about being a black jew?
a: Having to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What's the difference between an Irish wake and an Irish wedding?
a: One less drunk.

q: What do you get when you mix a donkey & a onion?
a: A Piece of ass that'll bring a tear to your eye

q: What do Michael Jackson and Jimmy Savile have in common?
a: they touched some many lives 

q: Why parents don't allow their children to listen to M. Jackson songs?
a: because they are very touching 

q: What do you call low class gay women?
a: Plesbians

q: Racist joke,(answer this BEFORE you click) What do you call a black man flying a plane?
a: No!!!  A pilot! A fucking pilot! You racist bastard!

q: Why is it called a funny bone?
a: Because its humerus!

q: What does a Scottish cat say?
a: Mee yew!

q: How many sycophants does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: How many do you want?

q: What's long, hard and covered in blood?
a: The Boston Marathon!

q: Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom?
a: Depends.

q: What do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench?
a: The NBA.

q: Why are there so many trees along the Champs-lyses?
a: Because ze Germans like to march in ze shade.

q: What did the 2 oceans say to each other?
a: Nothing. They just waved.

q: Why are people without converse shoes dangerous?
a: Because they own none chucks.

q: Did you hear about the castrated hipster?
a: He had a very eunuch style.

q: Did you hear about the award winning scarecrow?
a: He was out standing in his field.

q: What do you do if someone's choking?
a: Pull back a few inches

q: How many Nazis does it take to finish a race?
a: None, Nazis can't finish a race. 

q: What's 72?
a: What's 72? 69 with 3 people watching!

q: What do you call a virgin redneck?
a: A 7 year old who can run faster than her brothers.

q: What did the asian parents call their retarded son?
a: Sum ting wong

q: Why is 'dark' spelled with a k and not with c?
a: Because you can't see in the dark Badambum!

q: What is the difference between spinach and boogers?
a: Kids don't eat spinach

q: What did the veggies say, as they sat down for supper?
a: "Lettuce, pray."

q: Why did the crazy Mexican conductor get convicted for a crime?
a: ...because he had Loco-Motive.

q: What do you get when you're agnostic, dyslexic, and an insomniac?
a: You stay up all night wondering if there's a dog.

q: How many dull people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. 

q: Where did the farmer find his missing baby horse?
a: In the foliage.

q: What does a girl who loves giving head eat for breakfast?
a: scrotemeal

q: How come Smokey the Bear doesn't have any kids?
a: Because everytime his wife gets hot ,he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel. :-P

q: How did the puppeteer meet the President?
a: He pulled some strings.

q: If killing a king is called regicide, what do you call killing a queen?
a: Homocide.

q: What kind of a shoe has a problem?
a: An issue. 

q: Why did the hippy teach the lumberjack calculus?
a: So he'd use natural logs!

q: What do condoms and taxes have in common?
a: Republicans are against them and democrats want more for schools.

q: How come Django's wife never hears Django coming?
a: The D is silent.

q: why do scuba divers go in the water backwards?
a: because if they go forward they would fall inside the boat.

q: What did the Headless Horseman ask his colleague at Bad Guys Inc.?
a: What do I have to do to get ahead around here?

q: How is a woman like KFC?
a: After you're done with the breasts and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box. 

q: Why doesnt Nickelback play football?
a: Because even if they had 4 players they still couldnt throw a ball.

q: How many electricians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One.

q: What's black and eats banana's?
a: Apparently half of London

q: What do you call a person with memory problems telling a joke?
a: To get to the other side.

q: How many Apple users does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. Once the bulb goes out, they replace the house.

q: Why do pandas have black eyes?
a: SHE FELL, DAMNIT! God! What is with all the fucking questions?

q: What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo?
a: A pouch potato!!

q: What's the safest place in Dallas during a tornado?
a: The Cowboys stadium, the only place there'll never be a touchdown

q: What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus himself?
a: You only need one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.

q: Why did they have to cancel the volleyball games in the special olympics?
a: It wasn't going over too well.

q: Whats Lil' Waynes favorite pizza place?
a: Little seizures

q: Why did the French chef quit working at the haunted restaurant?
a: He got crped out.

q: What's the best part about sex with a 5 year old?
a: Watching them break down on the witness stand.

q: Why did it take the computer so long to decide whether it wanted to buy an Egyptian cotton sheet?
a: Because it had too many threads.

q: Have you heard the one about the broken pencil?
a: Never mind, it's pointless.

q: What did the blind guy say when he walked past Red Lobster?
a: Hi, Ladies!

q: What do funeral home staff do if they mess up transporting a body?
a: They go back and re-herse.

q: What's the most intelligent breakfast?
a: A Stephen Fry-up.

q: What do you call an emotionally unstable animal who lives in alaska and vacations in antarctica?
a: A BIPOLAR BEAR

q: How do you know all chickens are gold-digging size queens?
a: All day long they're talking about "buck, buck, big cock!"

q: Why did the chicken of the sea cross the road?
a: Because a tuna can!

q: Why did the traffic light turn red?
a: You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street.

q: What happened to the Jew who ran into the wall with a boner....?
a: ....He broke his nose

q: Why does Helen Keller only masterbate with one hand?
a: She needs the other to moan.

q: How do you circumsize a redneck?
a: kick his sister in the jaw

q: What did Batman say when he went to the butcher?
a: Got Ham?

q: What did the lower case "o" say to the capital "O"?
a: You whore. 

q: How did the Scotsman find the sheep in tall grass?
a: Very satisfying.

q: What did the Goat living in Manama say when it starting raining?
a: "BAAAHH RAIN!"

q: Why was Skrillex never in an orchestra?
a: Because he would always drop the bass

q: Why did the rooster get 20 years in prison?
a: He got caught on the internet, looking up chicks.

q: What do you call an Italian man without arms?
a: A mute.  Sorry if repost. 

q: So excited to go and watch 'the Evil Dead' next week. Anyone else going to Thatcher's funeral?
a: Bring 'em on! Post em all here.

q: Is venison deer?
a: No really. Only paid a couple of bucks.

q: How do you know Stephen Hawking has jungle fever?
a: He knows a lot about black holes

q: Isn't everyone gettin over racist jokes?
a: Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal

q: Did I miss the Limerick fad?
a: There once was a fellow from Kent, Whose cock was so long that it bent. To save him some trouble, He'd put it in double. And instead of coming, he went.

q: How does the sun cut his hair?
a: Eclipse it.

q: What's the difference between the 3 Stooges and my penis?
a: Girls don't laugh at the 3 Stooges

q: What's all natural, well balanced, and comes in pints?
a: An elephant sitting on your fence masturbating.  

q: What did the mermaid wear to her math class?
a: An algae bra.

q: How do know if the person that you have just met is a DJ?
a: They will tell you.

q: What did the cannibal coach yell when his player twisted his ankle?
a: Wok it off! Wok it off!

q: How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
a: Seven.

q: If I had 5 dollars in one pocket and 5 dollars in the other what do I have?
a: Someone else's pants on.  My grandfathers favorite joke.

q: Did you guys hear what happened to Helen Keller?
a: Neither did she.

q: Why is the KKK a good place to find a job?
a: Cos they'll always hook a brutha up

q: Did you hear about the gingerbread man gynaecologist?
a: The only tool it used was a flapjack.

q: Why was the candle mad at his friend?
a: He blew him off. 

q: Did you hear about the kid who died in the school freezer?
a: Apparently he was "too cool for school".

q: Why did Mr. T reject Marxism?
a: Because Marx said "You have nothing to lose but your chains."

q: Do you know why banks have lollipops?
a: So you'll have a sucker when they rob you. Eh, someone will like it.

q: Limericks eh ?
a: There was this girl from Boston, Mass.  She wade into the sea and wet her ankles,  it doesn't rhyme now,  but just wait until the tide comes in  

q: Limericks eh?
a: There once was a fellow named Blair  Who was having his girl on the stair On the 44th stroke The banister broke So he finished her off in the air. 

q: Why was Kermit chased by nazis as a kid?
a: He was a Tad-Pole

q: What do you call bears with no ears?
a: B

q: What's my favorite Jewish star wars character?
a: Jewbacca

q: Who's bigger- Mister Bigger or Mister Bigger's baby?
a: Well, Mister Bigger's  baby's a just little bigger.

q: Why did the guitarist get arrested?
a: For fingering A Minor

q: What's the difference between a drum, a woman, and a blowjob?
a: You can beat a drum.  And you can beat a woman. But you can't beat a blowjob.  

q: wanna hear a pizza joke?
a: ....nevermind its too cheesy

q: So you like limericks, huh?
a: On the Breast of a woman named Gale was tattooed the price of her tail and on her behind for the sake of the blind was the same information in braile.

q: Did you hear about the deformed linebacker?
a: He had 4 sacks. 

q: What's the worst thing about being black and jewish?
a: Having to sit in the back of the oven.

q: Why did the soda can quit its job at the vending machine?
a: It was soda pressing. 

q: I'm from the southern US, is it OK to poke fun at myself?
a: Why don't schools in the south teach Driver's Ed and Sex Ed on same day? Too hard on the mule.

q: Did you hear about the Mexican Criminal trio?
a: They got away from the scene without a tres.

q: How can you make your d bigger?
a: CAPS LOCK

q: A black man and a Mexican are in a car, who is driving?
a: The cop

q: How many computer programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Oh, wait. That's a hardware problem. 

q: what is awesome and witty?
a: heres a hint, join the two words and put a jew in there

q: Did you hear about the basketball tournament in Mexico?
a: Its Juan vs. Juan

q: Why doesn't Rihanna tell her boyfriend jokes anymore?
a: He always beats her to the punchline.

q: What do you call a quadriplegic laying on the floor?
a: Matt.

q: What's the difference between a whore and a mosquito?
a: A mosquito stops sucking after it's slapped

q: What did the groundhog's trainer tell him before the Olympics?
a: Gopher gold.

q: What did they find in the toilet of the Starship Enterprise?
a: The Captain's Log.

q: Does Snoop Dog wear and apron when he cooks?
a: Yes, for sizzles. Edit: Snoop Lion

q: What's the difference between a fat girl and model?
a: The black guy doesn't give a shit

q: If there are three gay guys in a bath and a lump of cum floats to the surface, what do they say?
a: Who farted?

q: How do you cut the Roman Empire in half?
a: With a pair of Caesars!

q: What was Hitler's last two words?
a: Oy Vey!

q: Did you know that Harper Lee invented a cocktail?
a: It was the Tequila Mockingbird.

q: What's the main ingredient in a Jedi martini?
a: Qui-Gon Gin

q: How would you describe Al Gore playing the drums?
a: Algorithm.

q: Why did the cancer patient get smacked?
a: His hand was bigger than his face.

q: What do you call a man with his hand up a horses ass?
a: An Amish mechanic.  A favorite from Robin Williams

q: What do you call a group of politically similar crows?
a: A cawcus

q: How do you date a ghost?
a: You 'WOOOO' him!

q: What kind of explosive is popular with terrorist school-children?
a: The satchel charge.

q: A Mexican, a black guy, and an Asian are in a car. Who's driving?
a: They better hope it's not the Asian.

q: Did you hear the joke about german sausage?
a: It's the wurst!

q: What you you call a girl you meet on Reddit?
a: You don't.

q: What do you say to a grammar nazi who just got their left side cut off?
a: Their, they're, there. You'll be all right.

q: What did one hat say to another?
a: You stay here, I'll go on a head!

q: What did the dough say to the baker?
a: You, knead me.

q: What does a 9 volt battery have in common with a girl's butt hole?
a: You know you shouldn't, but sooner or later you're gonna give it a lick.

q: Why don't you eat a girl the morning after sex?
a: Have you tired pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwhich.

q: Why did the dwarf go out of business?
a: The overheads were too high.

q: Do you know who Candice is??
a: Candice who?? Candice dick fit in your mouth??

q: What do you call the deaf man with no limbs?
a: Whatever you want.

q: What is the common point between spinach, and Sodomey?
a: Even with butter, children still do not like it.

q: What is a simile?
a: It's like a metaphor.

q: What do you call a male seamstress?
a: A homosexual.

q: What do you call 10 rabbits marching backwards?
a: A receding hareline.

q: What is the heaviest surgical intervetion that can be done to women ?
a: Getting money and dicks out of their minds. 

q: [Black Joke] what's the difference between a Black guy and a pizza?
a: The pizza can feed a family of four

q: Whats pink and smells awful?
a: Your mums cunt lol

q: What do people who refuse to fight use as weapons?
a: Their pacifists

q: why did Bob quit working at the toilet paper factory?
a: Because he was tired of working with assholes all day

q: How do you make a cat go "woof"?
a: Douse it with petrol and toss a lit match. WOOF!

q: Who did the chickens vote for president?
a: Baraaaaaak Obama

q: Where do Bees use the bathroom?
a: At the BP station. (thanks grandma)

q: Why did the Jew vote for Obama?
a: Because he promised change.

q: How do you turn a fox into a cow?
a: Marry it

q: What are your best "If I had ____ for every time..." jokes?
a: Two of my favorites are:

q: What's the difference between a truck load of babies and a truck load of bowling balls?
a: There's only one you can unload with a pitchfork. Edit: Who said something about dead babies?

q: What's the difference between CNN and Al-Jazeera?
a: CNN shows the missiles taking off and Al-Jazeera shows them landing. (Not mine, just heard it on the Jimmy Dore show) also "My favorite indie band is palestinian.  I think they're really going to blow up."

q: What do you do on a date with a feminist?
a: Split the bill.

q: Why do orphans go to church?
a: It's the only place they can call someone "father".

q: (Q)..... What's the difference between a lawyer and a rooster?
a: (A)..... The rooster clucks defiance.

q: Why are black people afraid to fall asleep?
a: The last black person that had a dream got shot!

q: WHAT KIND OF BAND PLAYS SNAPPY MUSIC?
a: A RUBBER BAND.

q: What does a blonde do when her computer freezes?
a: She puts in in the microwave.

q: Do you know why black people are so good at basketball?
a: Because they steal, shoot, and run!

q: What is long and hard on a Newfie?
a: Grade 1.

q: What do you call a black guy having sex?
a: RAPE

q: Why is the Statue of Liberty a woman?
a: Because the head had to be empty in order to build a restaurant.

q: What's the difference a teckel and the United Nations?
a: There's none. They both have big hearts but a short reach.

q: why do woman get periods?
a: because they deserve them

q: What did the teacher call her intelligent yet self-harming student?
a: Her scar pupil.

q: What do you call a hippo that swears?
a: A hippopottymouth

q: How does a black woman know that she's pregnant?
a: The baby starts picking cotton off her tampons. (aaannnd i'll see myself out)

q: Why did God invent Yeast infections?
a: So woman know what it's like to live with an irritating cunt!

q: Why is it so expensive to divorce a woman here in California?
a: Because it's worth it.

q: Have you heard about the two guys who tried to steal a calendar?
a: They each got six months

q: What is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?
a: When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking!

q: I need your best jokes about mammals. Can you guys help me out?
a: I need a good, clean, short joke about a mammal.  I know this is an odd request, but maybe some of you will enjoy the challenge, or maybe you have some good ones you're just waiting to share. Let me have em.

q: Why dont cannibals eat clowns?
a: Because they taste funny.

q: What's the best dating service in India?
a: Connect the dots. (I'll see my self out.)

q: What is the difference between a physicist and a biologist?
a: A physicist is atoms studying themselves, while a biologist is cells that study themselves.

q: Hey Guys! They brought back Angry Beavers! Isn't it great?
a: Its been renamed to The View, however...

q: Why did the mermaid wear sea shells?
a: Cause she was too big for B- shells! (my 6 year old niece likes to tell this joke)

q: How many Mexicans do you need working in the kitchen?
a: Just Juan. 

q: Why was Cleopatra angry?
a: She was on her pyramid. Stolen from Whose Line Is It Anyway.

q: What's the Cuban national anthem?
a: "Row, Row, Row Your Boat..."

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus and Jews?
a: Santa Claus goes down the chimney. 

q: What is the difference between a dealer and a hooker?
a: A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again!

q: How would a Muslim describe Castro's gay, atheist lover?
a: In Fidel.

q: How many women does it take to park a car?
a: A man.

q: What happened to the thick yellow liquid that committed a crime?
a: It was taken into custardy.

q: How do you eat a vegetable?
a: First get her out of the chair

q: Why did jillian fall of the swing?
a: She had no arms! Why didnt jillian get back up? She had no legs! Knock knock! Whos there? Sure as hell not jillian :)

q: What do you call a horse with a broken leg?
a: Worthless

q: How do you know when your best friend is gay?
a: When his dick tastes like shit

q: What do you call the mythical cookie baking creatures with strong vaginal muscles?
a: The  -er elves.

q: What do you call an army of lesbians?
a: Militia Etheridge

q: Why don't orphans play hide and seek?
a: Because no one will look for them.

q: Why did the blonde wear green lipstick?
a: Because red means stop ;D

q: What do Princess Diana, Kurt Cobain, and Pink Floyd all have in common?
a: Their last big hit was the wall.

q: What has more brains than Kurt Cobain?
a: The wall behind him.

q: Why does a chicken coup have two doors?
a: If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!

q: What's the difference between people in Dubai and people in Abu Dhabi?
a: People in Dubai don't watch the Flinstones, but people in Abu Dhabi do.

q: How do people with acid reflux complain?
a: errr mer GERD

q: What did the sea say to the beach?
a: Nothing, it just waved.

q: what do you call a priest who quits to become a lawyer?
a: ..... a father in law.

q: What's a camel?
a: A horse made by committee.

q: Have you heard of the Tempura House?
a: It's a shelter for lightly battered women.

q: Did you know I'm dating a dental hygienist?
a: She has the cleanest teeth I've ever come across. 

q: What's the difference between a leper and a tree?
a: A tree has limbs.

q: What do you tell a woman with a black eye?
a: Nothing, she's already been told twice.

q: Do you know what the difference is between a white person and a black person that sell drugs?
a: One is a pharmacist and one is a drug dealer!

q: Whats worse than having a lobster on yer piano?
a: Having  crabs on yer organ!

q: What do you call an anorexic girl that has a yeast infection?
a: A quarter-pounder with cheese.

q: What is the difference between a man and a dog?
a: A man wears a suit and the dog, pants. 

q: Why do blacks keep on getting stronger?
a: TVs are getting heavier.

q: What candy do you give your wife before you get married?
a: Pre-nup brittle.

q: Why do porn sites have a share to Google+ option?
a: I don't want my friends knowing I use Google+.

q: What happens when you find bones on the moon?
a: The cow didn't make it.

q: If a woman with big boobs works at Hooters where does a woman with one leg work?
a: IHOP

q: Want to hear a good pee joke?
a: Well urine luck.

q: What repulsive awful thing can be found in a black persons clothes?
a: The black person.

q: What do you call someone with March Madness who doesn't even like basketball?
a: A hypochondriac

q: What does Salvador Dahli eat for breakfast?
a: Surreal.

q: What's the difference between a gay man's moustache and a straight man's moustache?
a: The smell. 

q: What is 168?
a: Dinner for 4.

q: Do you know what the kid with no hands got for Christmas?
a: Me neither. He couldn't open his presents. 

q: How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid?
a: Mini-mom wage.

q: Did you hear about the overweight, alcoholic transvestite?
a: He liked to eat, drink, and be Mary.

q: What is the difference between the Pope and acne?
a: Acme doesn't come on to your  face until after 13.

q: Did you hear Rolf Harris is dyslexic?
a: rofl

q: What do you say to a gay man with plumbers butt?
a: Pull up your pants, I can see your vagina. Bahahahahahahahahahaha.

q: What did the customer ask the prostitute when they got to the hotel?
a: Do you come here often?

q: Heard about the newest fad shoes on the market?
a: They're called dykies....... The main selling points for them is: * They've got an extra long tongue. * you need to use 3 fingers to get 'em off.

q: Can you think of something more ironic than being a gay chiropractor?
a: Choosing a career in which your job is to make people straight again.

q: What is the last thing the host of an orgy says to his guests?
a: Thank you for coming!

q: What do you call a bus on its way to Comic Con?
a: Virgin Mobile 

q: How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach?
a: It's not hard

q: Does Lance Armstrong enjoy cycling?
a: Of course he does!  He has a ball!

q: Why do women wear white wedding dresses?
a: So the dishwasher can match the refrigerator and stove

q: Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic?
a: He was always afraid he was following someone.

q: what's the easiest way to get a jewish girl's number?
a: roll up her sleeve

q: What did the proctologist ask the restaurant goer?
a: Can I push your stool in?

q: What kind of pizza does Lil Wayne like?
a: Little seizures. 

q: What's the difference between a strawberry and a pencil?
a: One's a fruit, you idiot.

q: What did the woman say to the vampire when she woke up with her period?
a: "I made you breakfast in bed!"

q: Why did Sodium Chloride get arrested?
a: Assault.

q: Hear the one about the deaf man who went fishing?
a: Neither did he.

q: Why did the lobster blush?
a: Because the see weed.

q: Why do hurricanes have girl names?
a: First they are all wild and wet, then they take your house.

q: Why did the minus sign run for office?
a: To make a difference.

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, a dyslexic, and an agnostic?
a: Some guy sitting up all night wondering if there really is a dog

q: What's the most useless thing on a woman?
a: A drunk Irishman.

q: You all like dinosaurs...right?
a: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?

q: How can you tell if a fat chick is pregnant?
a: You can't.

q: How does Jennifer Lopez like her cheese?
a: From the block.

q: Who really appreciates a good fisting?
a: A sock puppy.

q: Why did the cop pull over the U-Haul truck?
a: He was trying to bust a move

q: What did the Nazi Police Officer Give to the Schoolchildren?
a: What did the Nazi Police Officer Give to the Schoolchildren? SWAT Sticka's!

q: What did the Bra say to the Hat?
a: I'll hang around here, you go on a head.

q: What's the best way to grease a Ferrari?
a: Run over an Italian.

q: What do you call a black brick with three holes in it?
a: A polish bowling ball.

q: What do you call a droid that always takes the longest route?
a: R2 Detour.

q: Whats the difference between love, ture love, and showing off?
a: spit, sallow, and gargle.

q: What part of the vegetable is hardest to eat?
a: The wheelchair. 

q: What's big and brown and rhymes with snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What did the Philosophy Ph.D say to the fat black woman?
a: Welcome to McDonalds. May I take your order?

q: What do you call a broken vibrator?
a: A dildon't

q: At what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon?
a: Tenish.

q: Why is 6 scared of 7?
a: Cause 7 is a six offender

q: What's more fun than nailing dead babies to a wall?
a: Scraping them back off

q: What do you do in 5 minutes that you then suffer for for 9 months?
a: A school application.

q: What's the difference between beekeeping and falconry?
a: Falconers have to be more talon-ted

q: What did the father buffalo say to his son going off to college?
a: Bison.

q: What kind of chicken is circumcised and suffers from E.D.?
a: A boneless, skinless chicken!

q: Did you hear about the guy that made a terrible joke?
a: He fainted.

q: What's Irish and stays on your back porch all year?
a: Patty O'Furniture

q: Why was the 40 degree angle so nice to the 50 degree angle?
a: Because its very complementary!

q: What would it be like to have world with out women??
a: It would be a real pain in the ass 

q: Why's it a good idea to have a threesome with 2 Vietnamese girls?
a: It's usually a Nguyen/Nguyen.

q: What kind of sex do boring people have?
a: Banal.

q: Why was lil' Wayne tired after programming?
a: He did too much coding.

q: What's the difference between an attorney and a herd of buffalo?
a: The attorney charges more.

q: Why don't the zebra and the lion like to play cards in the prairie?
a: 'CAUSE THERE'S TOO MANY CHEETAHS!!!

q: why couldn't the rabbi eat out during passover?
a: His girlfriend had a yeast infection 

q: How many protesters does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Trick question. Protesters never change anything. 

q: What do you call a lesbian octopus?
a: A lickalotopuss.

q: What happened to the brain eating zombie that went to Washington?
a: He starved to death.

q: What advice did Tiger Woods' dad have for Tiger during training?
a: Concentrate on golffuck everything else. 

q: What's green, white, and orange and only appears once a year?
a: Irish pride 

q: What's lil Wayne's favorite pizza?
a: Lil seizure

q: What's long and green and has an asshole at each end?
a: A St. Patrick's Day parade!

q: How many potatoes does it take to kill and Irishman?
a: None.  Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!

q: (Q)..... What Do You Call A Brunette Standing Between Two Blondes?
a: (A)..... The Interpreter.

q: How does a Jew make tea?
a: Hebrews it. -- How does a Jew make beer? --Hebrews Hops

q: How much hummus did the anorexic girl order?
a: A tahini bit.

q: What happens to a politician when he takes a Viagra?
a: He gets taller.

q: WHY WAS THE BROOM LATE FOR WORK?
a: BECAUSE IT OVERSWEPT.

q: What does it sound like when a Pterodactyl urinates?
a: There is no sound...  The P is silent.

q: Why was the peanut rushed to the hospital?
a: He was a"salted" 

q: What did the man say when he saw the Jewish man stealing his water?
a: "Water Jew doing?"

q: WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAKE NOODLE?
a: AN IMPASTA.

q: What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke?
a: Yours.

q: Why do they call a bird that lives by the sea, a seagul?
a: Because if it lived by the bay, it would be called a Bagel.

q: Did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison?
a: The Headlines in the paper read "Small medium at large"

q: Why did the condom fly around the room?
a: It was pissed off.

q: What's the similarity between smoking a cigarette and eating pussy?
a: The taste changes the closer you get to the butt.

q: What did the Buddhist get for Christmas?
a: Presence.

q: What kind of sex do you have with twenty seven year olds?
a: Any kind you want, there's twenty of them.

q: What is the most painful cereal known to man kind?
a: Banana Nut Crunch.

q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants?
a: In case they get a hole in one!

q: How did the blond chip her tooth?
a: With her vibrator

q: What do American beers and Sex in a Canoe have in common?
a: They are both fucking close to water!

q: Why arent There Many jewish gardeners?
a: Because money doesnt grow on trees

q: What happened after an explosion at a French cheese factory?
a: All that was left was de brie.

q: What do you call a pile of frog dung?
a: Toad stools

q: How do you know if your roommate is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: What do you call a Black-Asian?
a: Hung

q: what's the strongest part of a vegetable?
a: the wheel chair.

q: Why did the flight from Warsaw to Moscow crash?
a: There were Poles on the right half of the plane.

q: What's green with a brown tip?
a: The cucumbers in Elton John's fridge.

q: What do a Jewish mother-in-law and 60 Minutes have in common?
a: They both always start with tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk...

q: Wanna hear a potassium joke?
a: K

q: Whats the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bathtub?
a: One has hope in her soul, the other has soap in her hole.

q: When does an astronaut eat his favourite meal?
a: At launch time.

q: Why don't bats sleep outside?
a: You ever deal with a sunburned asshole?

q: How many cancer patients does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 1 and 12 people to say how inspiring it was

q: What do you call a midget with Down Syndrome?
a: you call him a little slow

q: What was wrong with the wooden car?
a: It wooden go.

q: What's so bad about being a virgin, anyway?
a: It means fucking nothing.

q: What's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player?
a: A hockey player showers after three periods.

q: Why can't T-rex's clap?
a: Cause they're dead.

q: How many Latvian to eat potato?
a: soldier

q: Why is it called the sistine chapel?
a: Because the cardinals like to be in something, that isn't eighteen yet.

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound bus depot and a lobster with big boobs?
a: One's a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. 

q: What's the worst thing you can hear while giving Willie Nelson a blowjob?
a: I'm not Willie Nelson...

q: Did you hear about the new tractor movie?
a: I heard it has a good trailer.

q: What do all North Korean's say when you ask them how their day was?
a: "can't complain"

q: What do you call a 200 year old Buffalo?
a: A bison-tennial.

q: Difference between Memory and RAM?
a: What is the difference between Memory and RAM? I can't Memory my junk in a girl's butt.

q: Why did the motorcycle fall asleep?
a: It was two-tired.

q: Have y'all heard that new hot rapper with Muscular Dystrophy?
a: "TWO CAAAAAAAAAAAAANES!"

q: What did the homeless guy get for Christmas?
a: Very, very hungry.

q: How do truckers contact each other in Wisconsin?
a: They use a Milwaukee-Talkie

q: Why are dogs always thirsty?
a: Because water fountains were designed for humans! HEYOOOOOOO

q: Why did Dairy Queen get pregnant?
a: Burger King didn't cover his whopper.

q: Why did the trout leave the cult?
a: They were too sacrifishal

q: How is American Beer similar to making love in a canoe?
a: They're both fucking close to water.

q: Where can you find tetraplegics?
a: Where you left them.

q: Why are black people so bad at walking up stairs?
a: Cause niggas be trippin

q: What did Dracula say to the teacher?
a: See you next period.

q: What is the difference between a church and a cult?
a: Their Punch. 

q: Why is North Korea so cruel?
a: Because it doesn't have a Seoul! 

q: What did the redneck girl say to her father?
a: Get off of me dad, you're crushing my Pall Malls!

q: What did the male Dragonborn say to the female dragon?
a: GO -  VAH -  KYUUM!!!

q: Why do Asian females have small boobs?
a: Because only A's are acceptable. Heard this from a friend.

q: Hey, Can I take you to Hogwarts?
a: Because I'm 9 and 3/4.

q: What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind when it hits a car's windshield?
a: Its butt!

q: Why do lesbians go to Sports Authority?
a: Because they're afraid of Dicks!

q: How much does a cockney spend on shampoo?
a: Paan ten.

q: What do you call a girl that raps about women rights?
a: Feminem.

q: What's black and screams like fuck?
a: Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

q: Why did the Russians lose the space race?
a: Their rocket kept Stalin!

q: Did you hear that the Energizer Bunny got arrested?
a: He was charged with assault and battery.

q: What do you call bovine masturbation?
a: Beef stroganoff!

q: What do you get when you take the circumference of a jack'olantern?
a: Pumpkin pie!

q: What do planets read?
a: Comet books.

q: How did Canada pick its name?
a: There were two Canadians and an American. They put letters in a hat and drew. They got "C-eh", "N-eh", "D-eh". The American didn't know what was going on, but he relayed the message.  I know i need to work on my execution.

q: What lives in a tree and is dangerous?
a: A crow with a machine gun.

q: Why do Jews like to watch porn backwards?
a: They like the part where the hooker gives the money back. 

q: What did people say after two satellite dishes got married?
a: The wedding was dull, but the reception was great.

q: Why shouldn't you take the Fourier transform of a square pulse while on a boat?
a: Because you don't wanna sinc!

q: How did the greeks separate the men from the boys?
a: With a crowbar.

q: Why aren't jokes in base 8 funny?
a: Because 7, 10, 11.

q: What's the difference between a thug and a pirate's dad?
a: One's poppin' caps, and the other's cap'n pops!

q: What type of writing is the most profitable?
a: A ransom note.

q: What's the worst thing when being told you have Alzheimer's?
a: It doesn't just happen the once. 

q: Who is Thor?
a: A very worn-out thuper hero. (An excerpt from Brother Time and the Turtle: More Excuses for Jokes:  )

q: Did you hear about the guy with the invisible penis?
a: He came out of nowhere.

q: How did Moses make his tea?
a: Hebrews it

q: Why did the boy throw the butter out the window?
a: to see the butterFLY!

q: What does PETA stand for?
a: People Eating Tasty Animals

q: How did the blind skydiver know he was about to hit the ground?
a: He felt the slack in his dog's leash.

q: Whats the difference between a South African tourist and a racist?
a: About a week or so

q: How do you know if hippies have been in your house?
a: They are still there.

q: Why do French people only ever have one egg for breakfast?
a: Because one egg is 

q: What did Thomas Jefferson grow?
a: Old.

q: Why did the moth go into the dentist's office?
a: The light was on.

q: Why doesn't democracy work in china?
a: Because no one wants to hold an erection. 

q: [OC] Did you hear about the two fruits who weren't allowed to get married?
a: Turns out they cantaloupe.

q: What do you call a pig that votes?
a: Polled pork.

q: How many LA cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Nobody knows. LA cops just beat the shit out of the room for being black in the first place.

q: What do you call a dog with brass balls and no hind legs?
a: Sparky.

q: How does an octopus go to war?
a: Well-Armed

q: What do you get when you mix acids and bases together?
a: Rape.

q: What did the scarecrow say when the farmer asked him in for dinner?
a: "No thanks, I'm stuffed."

q: How does Michael J Fox take his martinis?
a: Shaken. Not stirred 

q: How do you discuss cheese with a Welshman?
a: Very Caerphilly.

q: What's the difference between hardware and software?
a: Hardware breaks if you  maintain it. 

q: Casey Anthony is still unemployed...?
a: She should have a pretty good resum though. She had a job as a mother once and killed it!

q: If you're paddling a canoe up a river and a wheel falls off, how many pancakes fit in a doghouse?
a: None, because ice cream doesn't have bones.

q: Why was the fruit/vegetable hybrid upset?
a: He was a melon-cauliflower. 

q: Why did the Mexican try to wear his taco?
a: He was dyslexic.

q: How many surreal artists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Three, one to hold the giraffe, and one to put the clocks in the bath tub.

q: What does a strawberry and a blueberry have in common?
a: They both can't ride a bicycle!

q: Why is today John Philip Sousa Day?
a: Because he told everyone to march fourth.

q: What's black, white, red, and has trouble going through a revolving door?
a: A nun with a spear through her head.

q: What is a Freudian slip?
a: A Freudian slip is when someone says one thing when thinking of amother.

q: What's a Catholic's favorite way to send money?
a: PayPal 

q: What do you call a high security U.S. prison in China?
a: Wonton-amo Bay

q: Whats the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
a: Nothing, because either way, someone is losing their trailer.

q: What do Swimming and Masturbation have in common?
a: You have to get through a lot of fluid to find the perfect stroke.

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal in New Jersey and a voluptuous lobster?
a: One's a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean

q: What did one slave-owning waffle say to the other slave-owning waffle?
a: L'eggo my n'egro.

q: Why does the USA use F?
a: The rest of the world has varying degrees of communism.

q: What do you call a musician's erection?
a: A tromboner.

q: How is Rihanna's boyfriend and power tools the same?
a: They're both Black and Decker.

q: What is the difference between a gay man and a freezer?
a: A freezer doesn't fart when you pull meat out of it.

q: What do you call a gangster Hobbit?
a: Yolo Swaggins

q: Are you the fourth derivative of a position function?
a: Cause you're a jerk!

q: What kind of fish is funny, beautiful and a good role model for young women?
a: Tuna Fey.

q: When a farmer fucks a sheep, do you know why he does so at the edge of a cliff?
a: So the sheep will push back. 

q: Why can't Buddhists vacuum under the couch?
a: Because they have no attachments. 

q: What was Justin Timberlake called when he was a kid?
a: Justin Timberpuddle!

q: What's better than a rose on a piano?
a: Tulips on an organ.  Edit: accidentally a letter. 

q: What do you call a poor Italian community?
a: a spaghetto.

q: How did the zebra get its stripes?
a: Not many people know this, but zebras arent actually born with stripes. There is actually an entire industry of people called zebra painters who go around painting black stripes on zebras. This is done so zebras arent confused with albino donkeys.

q: What do you get when you cross an Italian with a gorilla?
a: A retarded gorilla.

q: What do Cooperstown and Woodstock have in common?
a: Cooperstown is where Baseball wasn't invented and Woodstock is where the festival didn't happen.

q: Why was the prostitute so good at her job?
a: It was in her whoremoans.

q: What`s the definition of frustration?
a: A 16 year old boy outside the Fuck-For-A-Buck shop with only 99 cents.

q: Did you hear about the guy who watched that new Bruce Willis film five times in a row?
a: He was a Die Hard fan. 

q: What do you get when you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?
a: Hot cross bunnies.

q: Did you hear about the weather report from the ski resort in Lake Tahoe?
a: Partly cloudy with Sonny around a tree.

q: What do you mean by being loud?
a: quiet the opposite.

q: Did you hear about the midget psychic that escaped from jail?
a: He's a small medium at large.

q: Where is the lost city of Atlantis?
a: Lantis. I can't believe nobody has thought to look there yet.

q: What did one bean say to the other?
a: How you bean doing.

q: What should vegetarians eat for protein?
a: Meat.

q: What do you call it when a midget realizes he's gay?
a: Coming out of the cupboard. 

q: What did the pope give up for lent?
a: His job. 

q: How many cops does it tale to change a light bulb?
a: Trick question. They just beat the room for being black.

q: How does a Scotsman find a sheep in the tall grass?
a: Very satisfying. Retweaked joke: How does a (insert nationality here) find a sheep in the tall grass? Very (insert extremely lustful emotion here)!

q: Did you hear about the guy who's been pickpocketing midget charity workers?
a: How could someone stoop so low?

q: What do you call a Roman with hair in his teeth?
a: Glad-'e-ate-'er

q: What was so great about being a black jew?
a: They already thought you were burnt

q: What happened to Jesus when he went to Mount Olive?
a: Popeye beat the shit out of him.

q: What's Han Solo's favorite type of video game?
a: First person shooter.

q: What kind of STD does a bird get?
a: Chirpies. :-)

q: Why did 7 8 9?
a: ...Fuck

q: Why didn't the lifeguard save the drowning hippie?
a: He was too far out man.

q: Why was the mentally challenged midget crying?
a: He was a little down. 

q: What's it called when Hobbits build houses for other Hobbits?
a: Hobbitat for Humanity

q: Why is Bon Jovi's bed always messy?
a: Because he thinks it doesn't matter if you make it or not

q: How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One...but it takes him 27 tries

q: Why didn't the dog want to go into outer space?
a: Because he was scared of vacuums!

q: What do you called a piano someone pissed in?
a: A peeano.

q: How is college like a woman?
a: It takes forever to get in, and nine months later you wish you hadn't come.

q: What's the difference between a woman in church and a woman in the bath?
a: One has hope in her soul...

q: What did the timid porn star say to the talking cat?
a: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOOOOOOONG JOHNSON!!!!

q: Dude can you make the stitches spell out ___?
a: One Joke One Vision.

q: What did the hat say to the hat rack?
a: You stay here, I'll go on a head

q: What's the difference between an apple?
a: A bike because a vest has no sleeves.

q: Whats the difference between your mom and a washing machine?
a: When I drop a load in the washing machine it doesn't follow me around for a week.

q: Why is it so hard to play cards in the jungle?
a: There are too many cheetahs.  Courtesy of the St. Louis Zoo Facebook page.

q: A joke about pi?
a: Nah this joke just goes on forever                   -------------------

q: Looking for Sympathy?
a: You'll find it between Shit and Syphilis in the dictionary.

q: What do you call a potato wearing glasses?
a: A spectator.

q: What's one thing Lance Armstrong can still make money from?
a: LIESTRONG bracelets.

q: What do trees take when they have a headache?
a: Aleve.

q: Whats the difference between a lawyer and a teenage boy?
a: One is a master debater. The other is a masterbater.

q: What did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument?
a: Good point

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new house?
a: Neither has he.

q: Which whale makes the best sexual partner?
a: One that will humpback!

q: What do you call the Pope after he's resigned?
a: Ex-Benedict.   

q: How does Bob Marley like his biscuits?
a: Wit jam in? 

q: Where do OB/GYNs go to school?
a: Gynecolleges.

q: Why did the computer programmer put up his Christmas lights on Halloween?
a: He always gets DEC 25 and OCT 31 confused.

q: Why was 10 scared?
a: ... because he was in the middle of 9-11! Better phrasing recommendations appreciated :-)

q: Why did Ibuprofen miss his friends?
a: Because Paracetamol on fire.

q: What do fat chicks and brick walls have in common?
a: They both get laid by Mexicans.

q: What changes faster than technology?
a: Taylor Swifts boyfriend

q: What do a gang member and a redneck have in common?
a: They both know how to throw a good hoe down. 

q: What is a rock's favorite band?
a: The Rolling Stones.

q: What is the difference between michael jackson and a grocery bag?
a: One is white, plastic, and dangerous for your kids to play with and the other holds your groceries

q: What did the termite say to the chair?
a: What did the termite say to the chair? .... It was nice knawing you. 

q: What did the little boy say to the priest?
a: Haha, now we   have AIDS

q: What did Batman say to Robin before getting in the car?
a: "Robin, get in the car."

q: Why does the baker bake?
a: Because he kneads the dough.

q: Did you hear Justin Timberlake is making a new song based on Oscar Pistorious?
a: It's called Cry Me A Reeva

q: What do an alcoholic and a necrophile have in common?
a: They both like to crack open a cold one.

q: Why can't you see a transgender who's a dad?
a: Because he's a transparent.  Apologies if I could've worded it different.

q: What is Oscar Pistorius's new favourite band?
a: Bullets For My Valentine

q: What's the difference between a hockey player and a hippy chick?
a: A hockey player showers after 3 periods.

q: What do chicks and jobs have in common?
a: They're usually only interest in you if you already have one.

q: What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?
a: Beef strokinoff

q: How did the pirate fix the hole in his pants?
a: He used an eyepatch

q: What do you call a cow that has abortion?
a: Decaffeinated

q: What is the Jolly Green Giant most afraid of?
a: Avocado pickers

q: Bad news or good news?
a: A woman has just given birth and the doctor walks in. He says: 'Which do you want first, bad news or good news?' The woman says: 'bad news' So the doctor says: 'bad news is, your son was born disabled, good news is he died' the woman cried

q: Why was the Lego boxer unmatched in the ring?
a: He was a master of blocking attacks.

q: What do Kermit the Frog and Henry the VIII have in common?
a: Same middle name.

q: A black man and a mexican are in a car. Who is driving?
a: The police officer

q: What's a pirate's favorite workout program?
a: Pirates (pronounced like pilates)

q: Anyone else experiencing bad weather?
a: Just got off the phone with a friend who lives in Northern tip of Connecticut. He said that since early this morning the snow has been nearly waist high and is still falling. The temperature is dropping way below zero and the North wind is increasing to near gale force. His wife has done nothing but look through the kitchen window and just stare. He says that if it gets much worse, he may have to let her in.

q: What did the native american say the first time he saw a bicycle?
a: Wow, white folks are pretty smart. They run sitting down. 

q: Gaming: What's the difference between a train and SONY?
a: When the train announces an arriving "Station", you can see it.

q: What does a pirate with back spasms say?
a: Shiver me lumbars.

q: What does Bob Marley wear to sleep?
a: pa-jammins

q: What is the coolest food on the planet?
a: Burr-ito!

q: Why does a dirvorce cost so much?
a: Because it's worth it

q: What's Goku's favorite subject?
a: Super Science.

q: How does every Romanian recipe start?
a: From an old family friend.

q: Mr Sugarbrown's daughter?
a: A little girl, when asked her name, would reply, "I'm Mr.  Sugarbrown's daughter." Her mother told her this was wrong, she must say,"I'm Janey Sugarbrown." The Vicar spoke to her in Sunday School, and said,"Aren't you Mr.  Sugarbrown's daughter?" With her mother standing just a few feet away, the little girl replied, "I thought I was, but Mommy says I'm not."

q: Did you hear the one about Philip Glass?
a: Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? Did you hear the one about Philip Glass? 

q: What do you call it when you cover your penis in postage stamps?
a: Junk mail.  (Credit to one if my FB friends)

q: What does a pizza boy and a gynecologist in have common?
a: They can smell it, but they can't eat it.

q: What type of car does a Loch ness monster Drive?
a: A nissan 

q: Why did the forgetful Mexican cross the road?
a: To get to the other side... err, no it was to pick up the laundry... nope, to get groceries? I forget. 

q: An oldie but a goodie: What do Pink Floyd & Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
a: Their last biggest hit was The Wall

q: Why is it hard to sell bibles in Germany?
a: Because it's a Nietzsche Market.

q: What state makes exclusively swiss cheese?
a: Swisconsin.

q: Who is the coolest guy in the hospital?
a: The Ultrasound guy.

q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at college?
a: Bi-son

q: Mom mom are farts heavy?
a: "no,  son"... "oh I guess I shit myself then"

q: If a hipster falls on the forest, does it make a sound?
a: Yes...but you've probably never heard it before.

q: Why did the chicken coop have two doors?
a: 'cause if it had four doors it'd be a chicken sedan

q: How do you know that your wife is dead?
a: The sex is the same, but the dishes are piling up.

q: What did the Eskimo say about the interface on his new iphone?
a: It was counter-inuitive.

q: How many music majors does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 16 One to screw it in and 15 others to stand around and talk shit about how bad the one person did.

q: What do you call a stampede that runs in circles?
a: NASCOW

q: why didn't the clothing drive at the homeless shelter not work out?
a: ..nobody gave a shirt. 

q: What's the internal temperature of a Ton-Ton?
a: Lukewarm.

q: Why should you never laugh at thieves in a car-accident?
a: It could be your car

q: Whats the square root of 69?
a: Ate something

q: What did the plate say to the mug?
a: Food's on me tonight.

q: Have you guys heard about the drastic effects of erosion on the Great Pyramids?
a: Yeah, they're kinda pointless now. 

q: Have you heard that Magnesium is dating Oxygen?
a: OMg

q: Hey guys, have you heard about the new corduroy pillow?
a: It's making head lines!

q: What kind of bike does hipster Jesus ride?
a: A Cruci-fixie.

q: Why can't you hear Django coming?
a: The D is silent.

q: What do you call a woman with one leg longer than the other?
a: Ilene. What if she is Chinese? Irene.

q: Want to hear a joke about Alzheimer's?
a: Want to hear a joke about Alzheimer's? 

q: Why can't a hand be 12 inches long?
a: Why can't a hand be 12 inches long? BECAUSE THEN IT WOULD BE A FOOT!

q: How do you refer to a necessary bear?
a: Pandatory. Stupid, I know.

q: Why did the blonde starve to death?
a: Her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, "Do not eat."

q: What do lawyers use for birth control?
a: Personality.

q: Did you hear about the new German microwave?
a: It seats 20.

q: Why cant a woman be the goalie for hockey?
a: 3 periods 2 pads.

q: What do you call a bunch of Jews in a concert?
a: A Moshe Pit

q: When is the best time to have diarrhea?
a: During scrabble.  Because it's worth a shitload of points. - Zach Galifianakis

q: What did the koalas say after getting in a fender bender?
a: Eucalyptus.

q: What do you get when you cross a bell with a piece of shit?
a: Dung.

q: Why did the elk cry at the funeral?
a: He had lost a deer friend

q: What do you call a Massachusite who cuts down trees?
a: A Boston lager. . . . . . I made this up yesterday in the car.

q: What do you call a dinosaur with an English degree?
a: Thesaurus. 

q: You know what's the ultimate form of rejection?
a: When your hand goes to sleep while you're masturbating.

q: What do vegetables watch when they're feeling frisky?
a: Cornography

q: A peeping tom fell out if a tree, where did he end up?
a: In the ICU

q: Why can't bears get jobs in Australia?
a: They don't have the right koalfications!

q: What do you call a Hispanic woman with no legs?
a: Consuelo! My mother told me this one

q: What do you call an online encyclopedia for DJs?
a: A wiki-wiki-wi-wi-wi-kipedia

q: Why can't you hear the bass on Metallica's And Justice For All album?
a: Because they threw the bass player under the bus.

q: Why do chemists call helium, curium, and barium 'the medical elements'?
a: Because, if you can't 'helium' or 'curium', you 'BARIUM'!

q: Did you hear about the guy from Prague wearing armor?
a: The Czech's in the mail.

q: What is The Fonz's blood type?
a: A

q: What did the bolt say to the nut?
a: "Washer? I don't even know 'er!"

q: Whats black and always in the back of a cop car?
a: A seatbelt.

q: What did Star Trek teach millions of kids?
a: To boldly split infinitives!

q: How do you get a male cat "fixed"?
a: Get him Catstrated

q: Anyone ever seen Stevie Wonders house?
a: Neither has he!

q: What is it called when a large piece of foliage is the same on both sides?
a: Symmetree.

q: What's better than having sex with an 8 year old boy against a barbed wire fence?
a: Nothing.

q: What separates the men from the boys in the Navy?
a: A crowbar.

q: Why didn't Peter Jackson cast any black actors in The Lord Of The Rings?
a: He was afraid they wouldn't be taken on their merits, that they'd just be seen as Tolkien blacks.

q: how does Justin Bieber remove a condom?
a: He farts.

q: What do you call someone who raises the dead by giving them hickeys?
a: A Neckromancer

q: What did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant?
a: "Is it mine"?

q: What do you call a Rhinoceros in heat?
a: Horny.

q: How many Freudian slips does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two! One to hold the bulb, the other to hold the cock, uh, penis, I mean, uh, ladder. 

q: When does a boy scout become a man?
a: When he eats his first brownie!

q: What did tarzan say when he saw a herd of elephants in the distance?
a: "Look, a herd of elephants in the distance!"

q: What would you name someone who can predict when people sneeze?
a: Nostrildamus

q: What is the difference between 'Ignorance' and 'Apathy'?
a: I don't know, and I don't care!

q: What do you get when you put a live rabbit in the oven?
a: A hot cross bun.

q: What does a gamer say when he get married?
a: GG.

q: What is the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: One shucks while he fits and the other one....

q: How come the leader of the USSR from the 1920's to 1951 never got anything done?
a: ...because he was always Stalin.

q: Is this her first child?
a: A man frantically calls 911 stating "my wife is pregnant, her water broke and her contractions are about one minute apart!" The 911 operator asks "is this her first child?" "No, you fucking idiot", the man angrily responds "this is her fucking husband!"

q: Did you hear about the two peanuts that got lost in the bad neighborhood last night?
a: One was assulated, the other was shelled. 

q: Why should you never date a French Horn player?
a: Because every time you kiss, they'll try to shove their fist up your ass.

q: What happens when you throw a laptop into the ocean?
a: You have a Dell, rolling in the deep.

q: Guess what my Valentine gave me?
a: Carpal Tunnel...

q: How do circumcision doctors get paid?
a: In tips.

q: What's The Difference Between a Redditor and a Calender?
a: A Redditor is a living breathing human being, and a Calender is an inanimate object.

q: How do you kill a walrus?
a: Tell him there's something on its chest

q: What happens when a mean girl dies?
a: They write an o-bitch-uary

q: What does an illustrator say to his girlfriend on Valentine ?
a: I'm font of you.

q: What happens when the Pope dies?
a: ....another one popes up.

q: Did you hear about the man who got hit in the head with a can of soda?
a: He was lucky it was a soft drink. 

q: What did the thirsty Spanish pirate say?
a: I need some arrrrrrrrrrrgua!

q: how do you know you're at a gay picnic?
a: the hotdogs taste like shit

q: How much liquid can Monica Lewinskys mouth hold?
a: One U.S. Liter

q: What did the Mexican say when a gust of wind blew his homework out the window?
a: Come back essay!

q: How do you sink the Polish navy?
a: Put it in water

q: Wanna hear a pizza joke?
a: Nevermind. It's too cheesy.

q: What does the H. in Jesus H. Christ stand for?
a: Hallmark.  God cares enough to send the very best.

q: Why doesn't Jesus like M&M's?
a: Because they fall through his hands.

q: What's an Apple Scottish self-aware computer called?
a: I, Mac.

q: How many Dragonball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Find out next time, on Dragonball Z!

q: What is the difference between a calendar and you?
a: A calendar has a date on Valentine's day.

q: What STD is found most commonly among lesbians?
a: Carpet burn

q: How's it like living in a totalitarian regime?
a: Can't complain.

q: What did Optimus Prime say to Arcee?
a: Have you ever blown a Transformer?

q: What doesn't belong in this list : Meat, Eggs, Wife, Blowjob?
a: A. Blowjob: You can beat your meat, eggs or wife, but you can't beat a blowjob.

q: Why can't you bring valve oil to the airport?
a: Because its a band substance

q: What did Jesus say to the Roman guy that pissed him off?
a: Don't cross me.

q: How did the polish terrorist burn his lips?
a: Burned them on a cars tailpipe when he tried blowing it up.

q: How do people in Nor Cal get around?
a: Hella copters

q: Why does the new French navy have glass bottom ships?
a: So they can see the old French navy.

q: Did you hear about the guy who took his suppositories orally?
a: He said, "For all the good these are doing me, I may as well shove 'em up my ass!"

q: How do you make tear-free soap?
a: Don't use child labor.

q: What do you call a woman that tries to force you into commitment?
a: A booby trap

q: You guys hear that Bono fell off the stage at the big U2 concert last night?
a: He got a little too close to the edge.

q: What did Pat Benatar say to the kid throwing cereal at her?
a: Stop using Chex as a weapon!

q: What did Snoop Dogg say upon graduation as a EE major?
a: My circuit breaker be trippin and my joint wouldn't solder...

q: What do Bill Gates and the Pope have in common?
a: They've both put their faith in the cloud.

q: What is the best part of a blowjob?
a: The 15 minutes of silence.

q: Where do taxi drivers with bad skin go for treatment?
a: The Taxi Dermist.

q: What is the Catholic Church giving up for Lent?
a: Answer: The Pope!

q: Why should you distrust atoms?
a: Because they make up an awful lot of stuff. EDIT: Because I forgot about neutrinos.

q: Why doesn't the pope like the Higgs Boson?
a: Because you can't have mass without him

q: What do they do at a prom for a school of the mentally disabled?
a: Slow dance.

q: Did you hear what the Pope was giving up for lent?
a: His job.

q: How do you castrate the pope?
a: Kick the altar boy in the chin.

q: How do you make an English Muffin blush?
a: You nook at its crannies.

q: Whats best joke aboot canada?
a: I'm canadian and i was just wondering

q: Did you hear about the band the hipster liked?
a: No, no you didn't.

q: What do you find with 4 Catholics?
a: A fifth. 

q: what does a nosey peper do?
a: gets jalapeo buisness.

q: What do you get when you run over a goose?
a: Goose bumps.

q: How many homeless people does it take to screw a light bulb?
a: does anyone know of any good jokes about homeless people.?

q: Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking?
a: Because those men already have boyfriends. 

q: What does a fat person and hitler have in common?
a: Neither of them can finish a race

q: What's green and fuzzy and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
a: a pool table 

q: What's a dragon's favorite snack?
a: A firecracker!

q: What is the difference between joghurt and America?
a: If you leave joghurt alone for 200 years, it will grow a culture!

q: How do deaf people meet online?
a: Simple, they just ask "ASL?"

q: What do you call a rich Chinese person ?
a: cha ching

q: What did the carrot say to the DJ?
a: Lettuce Turnip The Beet

q: (6-year old brother gave me this one) Why do farts smell?
a: So that deaf people can enjoy them too!

q: who many Freudians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: two. one to screw in the bulb and and to hold the cock, LADDER!

q: Was Nor'easter Nemo an omeN?
a: Cold day in Hell yesterday. Tomorrow, zombies.

q: What's the internal temperature of a tauntaun?
a: Lukewarm. 

q: What's the difference between hematologists and urologists?
a: A hematologist pricks fingers.

q: What do you call a shop that sells aquatic vessels?
a: A boat-ique. ...I'll get my coat.

q: What makes you think that Minnie Mouse is insane?
a: 'What makes you think that Minnie Mouse is crazy?' the psychiatrist asks  Mickey Mouse. And Mickey replies: 'I didn't say that she is crazy. I said that she's fucking Goofy'

q: Why did the liontamer stop using WinZip?
a: ...because lions only understand .rars

q: Why didn't Mr. Clean's wife ever get pregnant?
a: He comes in a bottle. 

q: What is the longest sentence that a man can make?
a: I do.

q: Why did Chris Brown stop having long-term relationships?
a: He wanted 2 hit singles

q: If Bob Marley were alive today, what would he listen to music on?
a: An iAndiPod. Just made that one up. I can hear the groans.

q: Why does it take more than one squirrel to change a light bulb?
a: Because, they're so darn stupid!

q: What do you do if your video card driver keeps crashing?
a: Take away it's drivers license.

q: Why don't cannibals eat ex-wives?
a: Because they're bitter.

q: What did the poker dealer say to LMFAO?
a: Everyday I'm shufflin'. 

q: What kind of computer can sing?
a: A Dell.

q: How did the midget feel when he found out he was retarded?
a: A little Down.

q: What do you call the line at a Vietnamese restaurant?
a: Pho queue!

q: What do fat women get for Valentine's day?
a: Depressed

q: What do you get if you put four economists in a white room and ask them what colour the walls are?
a: Four different answers

q: What should you do if you get an erection on the subway?
a: Get off at the next stop!

q: What do gay horses like?
a: Big fat horse cock. 

q: Why wasn't the Canadian scared at the movie theater?
a: He knew Nunavut was real.

q: Who's the biggest slut ever?
a: Mrs. Pacman--for 25 cents that bitch swallowed balls till she died.

q: What do you call a Black Abortion clinic?
a: What do you call a Black Abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers. 

q: Why do we call the office printer Bob Marley?
a: Cause it's always Jammin'

q: What has two thumbs and got laid last night?
a: My hands.

q: Why do hippies like corduroy?
a: Because the material is so groovy. 

q: This one is pretty offensive... Whats the difference between Jesus and a whore?
a: They both moan when you nail them, but only one of them actually enjoys it.

q: What do you call an all Sikh band?
a: N'Singh.

q: Why do they wear skirts in New Zealand?
a: Because sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.

q: How do you know that your girlfriend has been cheating on you with a black guy?
a: When she takes the tampon out and all of the cotton's gone

q: Why was hans crying at dinner?
a: Because the meat was Chewy.

q: What's the difference between Ann Coulter and a bucket of shit?
a: The bucket. 

q: This will be my first valentines with a girlfriend. Anyone have any ideas to help make it great?
a: I'm 17, can drive and have a source of income. I would really like to make this one good. 

q: What do you call a socialite stripper?
a: a peeler of the community!

q: Which of the following words does not belong: meat, eggs, wife, blowjob?
a: Blowjob. You can beat your meat, eggs, and wife; but you cant beat a blowjob.

q: What do you call a cinema in Jamiaca?
a: A cinemon

q: What did the vampire say to the werewolf after discovering its blood is inedible?
a: "Fangs for nothing!"

q: How do skeletons greet each other?
a: Bon'nichiwa

q: How much money do terrible movies make?
a: Ridley Scott. Thank you.

q: Why shouldn't you argue with a 90 degree angle?
a: It's always right.

q: Hello? 911?
a: Could you warn the Byzantine empire that Leo VI is going to die next year and they should appreciate him while they can?

q: Do you wanna play the rape game?
a: "no?"  Well that's the spirit! 

q: Why do you never buy a woman a watch?
a: Because there's a clock on the stove.

q: What did one gay sperm say to the other???
a: Wanna get shit faced?!

q: What happens when the Sun and the Moon get together?
a: They turn out the lights.

q: What famous actor is like a jail cell full of white guys?
a: Niggaless Cage (My girlfriend came up with this today. We're not racist I swear. This just cracked me up.)

q: What do (does?) Rihanna and Onion Rings have in common?
a: They're both battered.

q: Did you hear about player safety in the super bowl?
a: Both teams suffered from blackouts 

q: What do you call a cold homie?
a: A chilly dog.

q: Why do Mexicans cross the border alone?
a: Because there can only be Juan.

q: What's the first place Dora explored?
a: The mexican border.

q: What's the difference between Roast Beef and Pea Soup?
a: Anyone can roast beef.

q: What do you call a walrus that's been hit by a bus?
a: Dead. 

q: What is the best anti-joke you know?
a: Well a joke that isn't funny, but still is because it isn't. If you know what I mean. These are kind of much easier to remember.

q: Why don't you hear Django's penis talk during the movie?
a: The D is silent.

q: What do you call a fat skeleton?
a: big boned

q: What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce on its face?
a: Chicken Caesar salad.

q: If you're Canadian before you enter the bathroom, and American when you leave, what are you inside?
a: European!

q: Why can't T-Rexes clap?
a: Because they're extinct. 

q: How did the Canadian win the hockey game?
a: He took stEHreroids

q: What did the constipated math teacher do?
a: Worked it out with a pencil.

q: Why did the snail paint an S on the back of his car?
a: So when he drove by people would say, "Hey, look at that S car go!"

q: Why was the nun hooked up to an IV of holy water?
a: She was taking god's name in vein.

q: Why do bald guys have holes in their pockets?
a: So they can run their fingers through their hair.

q: hello, hello ! 911 ? 911 ?
a: Yes, Sir, what happened ? "I think my wife's dead". "What happened, Sir ?" "Well...she's lying in bed, cold and stiff as usual, but the dishes haven't been done in 3 days !"

q: What were Jesus' final words?
a: "So long and thanks for all the fish." Edit: Everyone hates me.

q: What's a Jewish Catch 22?
a: Free Ham.

q: How did Michael Jackson get food poisoning?
a: He ate a 10 year old wiener.

q: How many women with PMS does it take to change a light bulb?
a: GO FUCK YOURSELF!

q: How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet

q: What is the difference between a blimp and 365 blowjobs?
a: One is a Goodyear, the other is a Great year!

q: Have you heard about the music stores percussion sale?
a: Their prices can't be beat  Have you heard about their guitar sale? The prices are solo

q: How is the porn industry different from every other career?
a: It's the only job where you have to stay late if you come early.

q: Why were there 600 Mexicans at the Alamo?
a: They only had 2 cars.

q: Why is called a Pap Smear?
a: Sounds better than a Cunt Scrape

q: What does it taste like to go down on a little old lady?
a: Depends

q: Which computer is the best at singing?
a: A Dell.

q: Why are Mexicans bad at UNO?
a: They steal all the green cards.

q: Why did the Soviets decide to be Russian?
a: Cuz they got tired of Stalin.

q: What kind of file makes a hole bigger??
a: A Pedophile 

q: What's the most popular sport in Mexico?
a: Cross-country.

q: What is the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist?
a: A catholic will say "hello" to you in the liquor store.

q: What did the man say when he couldn't get the gun to fire?
a: "Looks like I'm gonna have to read the trouble shooting section of the manual."

q: Did you hear about that celebrity who committed suicide? Reese whatsername?
a: "Witherspoon?" "No, with a knife!" Only really works if you actually tell it to someone (and can maintain a good pokerface)

q: What's the best time of the day?
a: 6:30... 

q: D'ya hear about the guy that drowned in a bowl of muesli?
a: A currant pulled him under.

q: What is the difference between a creep and a kid?
a: I wouldn't let a creep sit on my lap.

q: Which sex position produces the most ugly babies?
a: Ask yo momma. Sorry

q: What happens when you bring beer to a BYU party?
a: All the girls put on their panties and go home.

q: What do you call an Italian who has sex with kids?
a: PASTA

q: How do you turn lead into gold?
a: Start a war.

q: what did the kiwi statue said to the other kiwi statue?
a: statue bro?

q: Why did the vampire feel tired after dinner?
a: All the blood had rushed to his stomach.

q: What Did The Chinese Man Say When Asked What He Wanted For Dinner?
a: Bitch please.

q: What's brownish and runs on oil?
a: Jesus in a hurry.

q: What did the judge order in his whiskey?
a: Just ice

q: Why can't you keep a secret from cattle?
a: They herd

q: [OC] What did the imprisoned locksmith say after he told the inmates a bunch of bad jokes?
a: "I'll show myself out."

q: What kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace?
a: Pos-tits.

q: Did you know what 6.9 is?
a: its a good thing screwed up by a period

q: Why were Mary and Joseph considered such good businessmen?
a: Because they produced such a great prophet.

q: What do you call an underwater restaurant that serves cured meats to sharks?
a: A Sharc-eatery

q: Anyone have any jokes about Rats?
a: Need some good ones!

q: Did you hear about the gay guy who quit?
a: He couldn't take it in the end.

q: Why are farmers so afraid of aliens?
a: Tractor beams.

q: What do you call playing chess against yourself?
a: Chessturbation.

q: What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair?
a: A Hun knee comb.

q: What happened to the indian who drank too much tea?
a: He drowned in his tea-pee. 

q: What do you get when you cross and elephant and a rhino?
a: 'elephino..

q: What do you call an X-Games athlete who placed dead last?
a: A louger.

q: Why don't you want to eat pussy in the morning?
a: Have you ever tried to spread a grilled cheese?

q: Where is the best place to hide a body?
a: Buried in the third page of google search results.

q: Have you heard the joke about the three rats?
a: It was cheesy 

q: Why don't they have gambling in Africa?
a: There are too many cheetahs. 

q: Why did people hate going on road trips with Kurt Cobain?
a: Because he always called shotgun

q: What's the first thing Michael Jackson did when he walked into a Chuck 'E' Cheese?
a: Beat it.

q: Why was the little Martian sad?
a: Curiosity killed his cat.

q: Hear about the cross-eyed teacher?
a: ... she just couldn't control her pupils.

q: What do you call a nun in a wheel-chair?
a: Virgin Mobile!

q: Where do dogs shop for groceries?
a: Wagmans.

q: How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: How many dragon Ball z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Only one, but it'll take at least 6 episodes!

q: what do you call a black man flying a plane?
a: a pilot you fucken racist!

q: How did the pharmacist know his drink was spiked?
a: He fainted after the punch line.

q: What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
a: A BMW's pricks are on the inside!

q: Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta?
a: Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta?  Because Zeta Eta Theta!

q: How do you know someone is a vegan?
a: Oh don't worry, they'll fucking tell you

q: Russia's most prolific musician?
a: JOHN LENIN

q: Did you hear about the kidnapping on the bus?
a: He woke up.

q: How did the farmer figure out how much milk he had?
a: He used cowculus!

q: What did the hookers hang on the christmas tree?
a: Whore-naments

q: What do you call a dog in the library?
a: A hush puppy.

q: Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens?
a: Because they kept saying "Bach, bach, bach"

q: How did the math teacher solve her constipation problem?
a: She worked it out with a pencil. 

q: Where does a legged waitress work?
a: IHOP.

q: Why couldn't the fruit get married?
a: They cantaloupe

q: What's the difference between a baby and an ounce of Coke?
a: Eric Clapton would never drop an ounce of Coke out of a window

q: What does the south call friends with benefits?
a: Cousins.....

q: What's the difference between a leprechaun and a hooker with 5 STD's?
a: Well one of them is a cunning runt.

q: Did you hear about the Italian chef?
a: He pasta way :(

q: what does a Nazi turkey say?
a: "Goebbles Goesbbles"

q: What's green, slimey and smells like pork?
a: Kermit's finger.

q: Why do priests cry during sex?
a: There's no telling.

q: What do you call a Reddit Psychic?
a: A 4chan teller

q: Canadian Joke: How was Terry Fox like Hitler?
a: He couldn't finish a race either. 

q: What is the difference between a Pickpocket and a Peeping Tom?
a: A pickpocket snatches watches...

q: What's your opinion on the mobius strip debate?
a: I find it a tad one-sided.

q: What are the sickest rock layers?
a: The ones with diabases. 

q: What do chickens say?
a: What do chickens say? Cock-a-doodle-doo What does a chicken in the bathroom say? Doodle-doodle-cock What does a gay chicken say? Any-cock'll-do

q: What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the Feds?
a: A small medium at large.

q: How come Miss Piggy couldn't talk?
a: She had a frog in her throat.

q: What's Irish and sits on a deck?
a: Patty O'Furniture

q: How do drown a hipster?
a: In the main steam

q: Where does a vampire go to buy his sheets and towels?
a: Bloodbath&Beyond

q: What do you call an obese psychic?
a: A four chin teller.

q: How can you tell if you accidentally wandered into a gay bar?
a: Everyone keeps offering to push your stool in

q: Why do men float?
a: 'Cause they're all scum.

q: What did the Arab land his 747?
a: The tarmac, you racist.

q: What technique does a prisoner use when coloring a picture?
a: Cell shading.

q: What did the spice say during climax?
a: I'm cumin! I'm cumin!

q: Why does Stephen Hawking have a boring sex life?
a: You can't 69 in binary.

q: Do you know how they came up with the name for a shark?
a: It's a mix of two swear words; "SHIIIT" and "FAAARK"

q: How do you know Jesus loves Japanese food?
a: Because he said he loves miso.

q: What's the difference between a Philosophy major and a cashier at KFC?
a: A job application.

q: How do you make a female chemist feel self conscious?
a: Ask if her hair is an extensive property

q: What do you call a room full of men watching the Super Bowl on a big screen TV?
a: The Patriots

q: Why can't chickens pee?
a: Their pecker's on the wrong end. 

q: Why did the woman's visit to wall street land her in the hospital?
a: Because the stock broker!

q: what's better than roses on the piano?
a: Tulips on your organ.

q: Why did the algae end up at school?
a: She wanted to buy an algae bra.

q: How do you say goodbye to German cheese?
a: Velveetazane

q: Do penises and testicles have much in common?
a: Not really. There's a vas deferens between the two.

q: What type of lights were on Noah's Ark?
a: You'd think it would be floodlights, but in reality it was the Israelites!

q: What questioned started the Holocaust?
a: What would you do for a Klondike Bar?

q: What did the pedophile say when he got out of jail ?
a: "I feel like a kid again"

q: What do you call a nun that walks in her sleep?
a: A roamin' Catholic.

q: What goes "Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop click-click-click-click-click-click pop-click"?
a: A stuttering South African tribesman. 

q: Why didnt the shrimp let anyone else eat?
a: He was being SHELLFISH

q: How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun?
a: Planet

q: What's the difference between a straight man's moustache and a gay man's moustache?
a: The smell.

q: What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and if it fell from a tree it would kill you?
a: A pool table.

q: What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships?
a: Nothing. It always fucking sucks.

q: Do you have 11 protons?
a: Do you have 11 protons?  Because you're sodium fine...

q: Why do ostriches have long necks?
a: Because their heads are so far from their bodies!

q: How can you tell if someone lifts?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: How many guys in the friendzone does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, they just stand around and compliment it, and then get pissed when it won't screw

q: What is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise?
a: Calf Raises.

q: What's the difference between a thief and a peeping Tom?
a: Well, a thief snatches watches...

q: You know what's the only difference between Martin Luther King day and St. Patrick's day?
a: Everybody wants to be Irish on St. Patrick's day.

q: What did Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
a: They both had curds in their whey. 

q: what's the worst part about having sex with your pets?
a: A week later they pretend they don't even know you.

q: What kind of bear likes the rain?
a: A drizzley bear.

q: What do you say to a handicapped dog?
a: "Stay"

q: What does Batman like in his lemonade?
a: Just ice.

q: What do you call a group of JD Salingers?
a: A Humble Hindi Bundle.

q: What's better than being up to your knees in beer?
a: Being up to your nuts in cider. 

q: Why was the London sperm bank so unsuccessful?
a: The were only two donors. One came on the bus, the other missed the tube.

q: Why do so many black people believe in God?
a: Its the only father they will ever know.

q: What do you call a german that can't see?
a: A nazi.

q: Anyone got any good Elvis jokes?
a: I'm the master of ceremony (as Elvis) for a Vegas-themed casino night. Thanks Reddit! 

q: My Dad's Maths Joke: Why do programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween?
a: Because Dec 25 is Oct 31 Edit: corrected because I'm a fucking tool

q: What do I get when I raise up a platform to play Mozart?
a: Amadeus on my dais.

q: What does a mathematics professor do when he is constipated?
a: He works it out with a pencil.

q: What's worse than finding Astroglide on your Mom's shopping list?
a: Finding an empty bottle in the trash.

q: What does toilet paper and the Star Trek Enterprise have in common?
a: They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons.

q: What do you call an Indonesian shoe factory that just had air conditioning installed?
a: A sweatstop.

q: Is this a little too proper for r/jokes?
a: One going to see a Friend who had lain a considerable Time in the Marshalsea Prison, in a starving Condition, was persuading him, rather than lie there in that miserable Case, to go to Sea; which not agreeing with his high Spirit,  , replies the Prisoner,  via 

q: Why did I divide sin by tan?
a: just cos.

q: what's the square root of 69?
a: ate something. 

q: What did the grape say when an elephant stepped on him?
a: Nothing, he just let out a little wine.

q: What do you call presents after you've opened them?
a: Pasts

q: Why did the python return his pants?
a: They were too constricting.

q: What do you call a muslim crocodile?
a: An Allahgator!

q: What's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity?
a: Digging for booty.

q: What happens when you provoke an angry redhead?
a: Ginger snaps.

q: What did Bob Ross do after eating a fair of fickled feffers?
a: He fainted.

q: Where do people in Detroit get their groceries?
a: They don't.

q: What do you call a homosexual in Iran after he's been outed?
a: Low hanging fruit.

q: What do you call a person that constantly hunts for karma?
a: A predditor. EDIT: 

q: What's the difference between a Soap Opera and a Trailer Park?
a: A Trailer park has much more interesting drama and less than a third of those pesky white teeth.

q: Why are all Blackberry workers so bad at basketball?
a: Because the always hit the RIM!

q: What do you call a bus driver who helps old people and parents with children on and off the bus?
a: A stand up driver.

q: Why did they stop the leper hockey game?
a: There was a face off in the corner.

q: What is the greatest dilemma for a Jewish mother?
a: She finds out her son is gay, but is dating a doctor.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a bunch of Mexicans?
a: Jesus doesn't have a bunch of Mexicans tattooed all over himself.

q: Why did the Chinese almost lose in Mulan?
a: They had way to many chinks in their armor. 

q: Lance Armstrong...Optimist or Pessimist?
a: So, Lance, do you see the scrotum as half-full, or do you see the scrotum as half-empty?

q: Did you hear about the gay broom?
a: Spent 10 years in the closet.

q: Why did the blonde crawl over the glass wall?
a: Because she wanted to see whats on the other side.

q: How does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time?
a: She takes off her glass eye

q: How many Carpathians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: I don't know, Vigo and see. (best read in Yanosh's voice)

q: Did you hear about the football player who went to jail?
a: He went in a tight end and came out a wide receiver.

q: Why was William Henry Harrison's inaugural address so memorable?
a: He had a killer final draft. 

q: What do you call fake spaghetti?
a: An 

q: Why was the Polaroid fanfiction ignored by the photography community?
a: Because it wasn't Canon.

q: What do you call a potato with one oar?
a: A row-tater.

q: Why did the scarecrow earn a promotion?
a: Because it was outstanding in its field

q: Where did Jessica go after the explosion?
a: Everywhere

q: What are the two biggest lies when working for a large corporation?
a: "Hello. I'm from the head office and I'm here to help you" "Welcome. We're glad to have you"

q: Why did the mathematician get pulled over?
a: for drinking and deriving

q: What comes in pints?
a: elephants 

q: How many PETA member does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Doesnt matter. PETA cant chqnge anything!

q: What was James Bond after he slept through an earthquake?
a: Shaken, not stirred.

q: What do you call a baby born feet first?
a: a c-section.

q: What does a suicidal teenager do on the weekends?
a: Hang at home.

q: How are black people similar to tornadoes?
a: They both only take one to ruin a neighborhood.

q: Why does a tiger make such a good girlfriend?
a: Because its not a cheetah.

q: Did you hear that the sine function left home?
a: He still comes home periodically.

q: did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison?
a: he is a small medium, at large

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's house?
a: ...neither has he!

q: Why doesn't Marty McFly drink wine?
a: Too many Tannens.

q: What did the shirt say to the pants zipper?
a: Your so fly man

q: So did you hear about the Angry composer?
a: Apparently, he had a few scores to settle.

q: Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question?
a: Teacher: You just did. 

q: How do you call playing games while it snows heavily?
a: Blizzard Entertainment.

q: What do you call the electronic process of making a sandwich?
a: A sub routine. 

q: How good are Tesco's meatballs?
a: They're the dog's bollocks!

q: Where was France's military strategy developed?
a: Toulouse

q: Why does Helen Keller play piano one-handed?
a: She sings with the other hand. 

q: What do you call a horny Egyptian king that ate at White Castle?
a: Toot-N-Cummin!

q: How do you get an elephant on a train?
a: You take the "S" out of sub, and the "F" out of way.  [Say it out loud]

q: How do you always keep your shoes tied?
a: Replace the laces with earphones.

q: What do you get when you mix alcohol with literature?
a: Tequila Mockingbird!

q: Ever listen to the radio station WPMS?
a: 3 weeks of the blues, one week of rag-time

q: Have you heard the me neither joke?
a: Me neither.

q: What are the effects of biggest brainwashing book in human history?
a: i dont know...try asking the suicide bombers

q: What do you do?
a: So, you are walking around in a forest and see a girl lying on the floor, half naked and clothes tattered. She is weeping heavily, and you can tell she has just been raped. What do you do? You check your map, because you have been walking in a circle.

q: What happened to the chinese man who walked into a wall with a boner?
a: He smashed his nose

q: What is Brown and rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre, of course. 

q: The difference between a prostitute and drug dealer?
a: A prostitute can wash her crack and resell it.

q: What's the difference between a Jew and a Muslim?
a: Who cares! More bacon for me.

q: What did the jew say when he reached the concentration camp?
a: AU SHWITZ

q: Why did the Walrus go to the Tupperware store?
a: Because he wanted a tight seal.

q: Why couldn't the bicycle stand up on it's own?
a: Because it was two tired.

q: Whats the difference between a park bench and an artist?
a: A park bench can support a family of four.

q: What happens when the lights go out in a Chinese restaurant?
a: It'll Dimsum.

q: DAE ever wonder if Andy would be disappointed in OP for not delivering?
a: I went for corny. 

q: What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men?
a: What do you call someone who only gives back rubs to men? A massage-inist.

q: (accidentally invented when heard words out of context) What kind of food did Hitler eat?
a: Notseafood

q: How do you pick up a smokin' hot Jewish girl?
a: Broom and a Dustpan. 

q: What happens when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?
a: You get half way

q: what did the doctor say to the midget?
a: you'll just have to be a little patient

q: What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed?
a: Oh sheeeeeettttt!

q: What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him?
a: Get off me, homes. 

q: What's the difference between your child and your husband?
a: At least you can leave your child alone with the babysit

q: What did the Triceratops sit on?
a: Its Tricerabottom.

q: How do make a woman blind?
a: Stick a car windshield in front of her face.

q: How do you kill a whole Circus at once?
a: Aim for the Juggler...

q: What do you call ten sets of bagpipes at the bottom of the sea?
a: A start.

q: How do you win a small fortune in Las Vegas?
a: By spending a large fortune.

q: What's a Scientologist's favourite piece of furniture in Rivendell?
a: Elrond's cupboard.

q: What's yellow and black that makes you laugh?
a: A bus full of niggers going over a cliff.

q: What's the worst part about locking your keys in your car outside of an abortion clinic?
a: Going inside to ask for a coat hanger.

q: Dad can I?
a: A young man went up to his father and asks "Can I have twenty bucks for a blow job?" His father says "I don't know. Are you any good?"

q: How many Im not saying she's a slut But jokes are there?
a: Im not saying she a slut but:   She's been boarded more times than Amtrak

q: What do you call it when a guy pees into a bowl after sex?
a: Split pee soup.

q: Why are pedophiles so annoying?
a: they're just fucking immature assholes

q: Why don't Jewish cannibals like eating Germans?
a: They give them gas.

q: What do you call a planned organised rebellion gone wrong?
a: A "coup d'isaster".

q: What do nine out of ten people agree on?
a: Gang rape.

q: Have you ever heard a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
a: Probably not. The P is silent.

q: A Jew wakes up with morning wood and runs right into a wall. What does he say?
a: Ouch, my nose!

q: What do you call a fat kid with 3 teeth and a lazy eye?
a: Names.

q: Why can't you trust a snowman?
a: Because they're all a bunch of flakes

q: Did you hear about the dinner on the moon?
a: Great food no atmosphere.

q: Did you hear the one about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac?
a: He stayed up all night wondering if there really was a dog 

q: How does a guy prove he's tough?
a: He jogs home after his vasectomy. . Fairly old, vasectomies may not be so bad any longer. 

q: Why did the snowman take his pants off?
a: He heard the snow blower was coming.

q: How are your step mother and a 17 in the card game 21 similar?
a: You know you can't but you really want to hit it. 

q: Why should you never let a panda into a chemistry lab?
a: Because it will create pandamonium

q: If you're an American in the living room what are you in the bathroom?
a: European.

q: What's the difference between 6 inches and 12 inches?
a: 6 inches makes you day but 12 inches can make your hole weak.

q: What animal has two gray feet and two brown feet?
a: An elephant with diarrhea. 

q: Did you hear about the women who got wooden breast implants?
a: A punchline would be funny here, Wooden Tit?

q: How do you steal a coat?
a: You jacket

q: Did you know there is a town in Pennsylvania with the same same as one of the Great Lakes?
a: It's eerie.

q: Why do most men like women with big boobs and tight pussies?
a: Because most men have big mouths and small cocks.

q: Do you know how to make Notre Dame style eggs?
a: You put them in a bowl way too big for it...and then beat repeatedly for 3 hours

q: Whats the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
a: Outlaws are wanted

q: Why didn't the pirate get into the movie?
a: It was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

q: Do you speak sign language?
a: No, we sign it.

q: Why does it take 100 mink to make a fur coat?
a: Because they are lazy and have small hands!

q: Why don't the blind bungee jump?
a: Because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.

q: What Bird?
a: Which bird symbolizes love? Swallow.

q: What's the difference between a bag of dead babies and a mercedes?
a: I don't have a mercedes in my garage!

q: What do you call a cheese that isn't yours?
a: NACHO CHEESE!

q: What did one leper say to another?
a: Got yer nose!

q: Whats that smell?
a: Auschwitz.

q: What do you call a bunch of rabbits walking backwards?
a: A receding hare line!

q: What is the difference between British beer and a pussy?
a: The pussy only tastes like piss at the start.

q: Why couldn't the blonde make icecubes?
a: because she lost the recipe.

q: If today's weather were a fashion line, which would it be?
a: Burrrrberry

q: Why did the student do their multiplication problems on the floor?
a: Their teacher told them not to use tables!

q: What did the racist ask Santa for?
a: A white Christmas.

q: What's long, brown, and sticky?
a: A stick

q: What starts with e, ends with e, and has one letter in it?
a: An envelope.

q: what is it called when a redditor has a threesome?
a: using both hands

q: Excuse me, do you like graves?
a: Yeah, I dig 'em.

q: Who gets the most ass in college?
a: The chair

q: What do you call a vietnamese turkey?
a: Gobbledy gook.

q: Ever made love under a mirrored ceiling?
a: I could see myself doing that.

q: How do you separate the Greek men from the Greek boys?
a: A crowbar.

q: Spoof three way call???
a: So it has happened twice in the last two days where my phone rings (both times calls from people I know), I pick it up and start to talk (thinking they called me) but after 30 seconds of talking we both give the "so why did you call me" only to find out both of our phones were ringing from each others numbers. So how is this happening? is there a website that I dont know about that double spoofs at the same time? reddit I ask for your help...

q: Why is imgur down?
a: It was over  pacity.

q: what does an italian eat when he's mad at his boss ?
a: kielbasa (said with an italian accent)

q: Why didn't the coffee and the tea get along?
a: Because they were being "brewed"

q: What did Jesus say to the Mexicans?
a: Don't do anything until I get back

q: What is the needless meat to a vagina?
a: The woman!

q: What do you call a special needs kid who is late for class?
a: "tardy"

q: What is a mexicans favourite tv show?
a: Spicks and specks. (google it)

q: What happened to the blind circumsizer?
a: He got the sack.

q: What does Monsieur Homer say after spilling water on himself?
a: D'EAU!

q: Was Hitler's favorite number 8?
a: NEIN NEIN NEIN!

q: What's the most positive thing in Harlem?
a: HIV.

q: Did you hear the one about the mother who called all her 10 sons Anthony?
a: When someone told her that it's a complication she replied, "No it's not. It simplifies my life." "How so?" she was asked. "Simple" she replied, "When dinner's ready I just call Anthony and all of them come." "But what do you do if you want to call the attention of one in particular?" "I call him by his last name."

q: What do you call the hair between grandma's breasts?
a: Her pussy.

q: Why are gay guys with big dicks the first ones picked at the bar?
a: Low-hanging fruit

q: What do you tell a jew to shut up?
a: Sssshhhhhh

q: Hey grandson, what's the name of that german man who makes me go crazy?
a: Alzheimer, grandma, Alzheimer...

q: What is black & blue and definitely not up for sex?
a: The new girl in the women's refuge.

q: Why did the african child die while choking on rice?
a: because he had malaria

q: Did you hear about the shoe factory that was destroyed?
a: They lost 500 souls!

q: What do you call a red-head that works at a bakery?
a: A ginger bread man. 

q: How do you tell if someone is vegan or not?
a: Don't worry, they'll fucking tell you.

q: Why do Redditors pay with exact change?
a: They can't stand a Nickleback!

q: How many Polish people does it take to be pallbearers at a funeral?
a: Seven.  Six to carry the casket and one to drag the body

q: What do yu get when you cross a Jew?
a: Christianity.

q: How did Christopher Columbus find India?
a: He used Apple Maps.

q: What kind of pants do Mario and Luigi wear?
a: Denim denim denim. 

q: What's the shortest book ever written?
a: French War Heroes.

q: What comes after the third car?
a: The ford car.

q: What's the difference between a nun and a woman in the bathtub?
a: The nun has hope in her soul...

q: What do you call a really, really quiet piece of meat?
a: I love you too, fellas.

q: What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper?
a: The kind that has multi ply's.

q: What's the worst thing for a cannibal to say to a friend?
a: Your family has impeccable taste.

q: Why did the guy kick the broom out of his house?
a: It swept with his girlfriend :P

q: Why do dogs lick themselves?
a: Because they can!

q: Wondering when Oceans 14 is coming out?
a: It already did, it's called "The Hobbit".

q: What do Scrooge McDuck and dragons have in common?
a: They love to swim in gold coins.

q: What happens to Nitrogen when the sun rises?
a: It becomes Daytrogen

q: Did you hear they're planting in a million trees throughout Harlem?
a: In a city effort to improve public transportation.

q: Hey, want to hear a Top Gear joke?
a: Morris Marina. badump-pshhh

q: Why was most of Jesus' walk downtown very awkward?
a: Because his friend asked him when he thought they should cross.

q: What's better than having sex with a 9 year old Vietnamese boy?
a: Nothing.

q: Have you seen the clown at Walmart that hides from gay people?
a: Of course you haven't.

q: What is WILL.I.AM going to be called after he dies?
a: WILL.I.WAS

q: What's the worst thing that could happen to an r/joke/ subscriber?
a: faint

q: How much do Rabbi's charge for their circumcisions?
a: Nothing. They just keep the tips.

q: Why did Susie fall of the swing set?
a: Because she had no arms.

q: Why don't Africans go on cruises?
a: They're not falling for that one again.

q: In a lesbian relationship who makes the sandwich?
a: Neither. They both eat out!

q: What's the difference between a chicken and a pussy?
a: A chicken is easier to eat if you bone it first.

q: What do you call a dark wizard that loves to give hickeys?
a: a necromancer

q: How do you confuse an asian?
a: Put a steering wheel in front of them

q: Why would Koreans make great jazz musicians?
a: Because they have Seoul.

q: Why do they call it GOLF?
a: Because FUCK and SHIT were already taken.

q: When does Eminem leave school?
a: Aftermath

q: What do you call a mail order bride from Thailand?
a: A she-mail

q: What is a downies favourite song?
a: Hot potato. Hot potato.

q: How do you make a woman blind?
a: Put a windshield in front of her.

q: What do you call a bear that's not drunk?
a: So-Bear! 

q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: None. Mice can't change light-bulbs as they are mere rodents without the physical or mental ability to do so. Not to mention it's much safer for them to pilfer food in the dark.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was caught hiding illegal immigrants in Prague?
a: He got prison for caching false Czechs.

q: What's the difference between a steampunk bike and a regular bike?
a: On a steampunk bike the gears don't do anything. 

q: Why do you never tease a fat girl with lisp?
a: Because she's thick and tired of it.

q: How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish?
a: Mark Sanchez.

q: What's the difference between a church bell & a church?
a: A church bell peals from the steeple.

q: What happened when a whore house caught on fire?
a: Some came out running, others ran out coming.

q: Can you take a bath if you have diarrhea?
a: Yes, if you have enough.

q: what kind of bees make milk?
a: BOOBEES! 

q: Why did Princess Leia cry at the end of Return of the Jedi?
a: Her father just died.

q: What did Santa get the day after Christmas?
a: Diabetes

q: How are a 9-volt battery and a girl's asshole similar?
a: Even though you know you shouldn't you lick it anyway.

q: How do you make a woman orgasm?
a: Who gives a fuck

q: What do you call a worthless priest?
a: holy shit.

q: What's the difference between a church bell & a politician?
a: A church bell peals from the steeple.

q: What's the best thing about having sex with Twenty Five year olds?
a: There's 20 of them.

q: How can you tell if you have a high sperm count ?
a: Your girlfriend has to chew before she can swallow,

q: How did the Pianist play without fingers?
a: Not very well at all...

q: What's the difference between broccoli and a booger ?
a: little kids won't eat broccoli . 

q: What did the gay cow say just before sex?
a: STICK IT IN MY ANGUS

q: Why did the teacher put the Butcher in time-out?
a: Because he kept cutting up in class

q: What do you get when you mix a Native American and an Irishman?
a: An alcoholic with a drinking problem

q: Why do the French make omelettes with only one egg?
a: Because in France one egg is un oeuf.

q: Why did Moby Dick join a heavy metal band?
a: He could really whale.

q: What does a near sighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common?
a: Wet noses

q: what part of the alphabet is the wettest?
a: H to O

q: Have you heard about Gandhi?
a: Gandhi walked around a bunch and built up giant callouses on the bottoms of his feet. He fasted a bunch which gave his bones a rather fragile brittle nature. He was a spiritual man, a mystic to many people. And he had a strange diet of green tea and white rice which gave him constant bad breath.  So   Gandhi was a super-calloused, fragile mystic, vexed with halitosis. 

q: What did the left bum check say to the right bum check?
a: He said "If we stick together, we can stop this shit."

q: Did you hear the one about the baby with AIDS?
a: It never gets old!

q: Why don't any pirates live in Kansas?
a: Because they all live in  kansas.

q: What is it called when an Ethiopian takes a shit?
a: Bragging

q: Why does a woman smile when walking down the aisle?
a: She knows that she no longer has to give blow jobs.

q: What is Santa's favorite band?
a: Slayer.

q: What do you call a plane on a secret mission?
a: In disguise. 

q: What gets better with age?
a: Necrophilia

q: Did you hear about the sexually promiscuous deaf person?
a: Turns out he got hearing aids.

q: Want to hear the one about potassium?
a: K.

q: Who seduces all the ladies at the swimming pool?
a: Don Juan de Marco Polo.

q: Do you know the difference between pink and purple?
a: Your grip.

q: Why are a German vegetarians pessimists?
a: Because they always fear the wurst.

q: Did you hear about the Aggie that moved to Oklahoma?
a: Raised the I.Q. of both states.

q: how did the gamete get rich?
a: because sex cells... Thank you thank you i'll be here all week.

q: Why was the hipster wearing a sweater in July?
a: Because he was cold before it was cool.

q: How can you tell when a woman has an orgasm?
a: Who cares?

q: Why did the computer overheat?
a: Because windows wasn't open. 

q: What does the Pope dip his chips in?
a: Holy Guacamole

q: Why did the cowboy sleep with his saddle?
a: In case of any night mares!

q: What did the candle say when it couldn't sleep due to his own candlelight?
a: There ain't no rest for the wicked

q: Why do kangaroos hate rainy days?
a: Because all the kids have to play in side.

q: What's the best part about dating 26 year olds?
a: There's twenty of them.

q: What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown?
a: Artificial intelligence.

q: Why do cowgirls have bow-legs?
a: Because cowboys always eat with their hats on.

q: What's blue and not heavy?
a: ...Light blue

q: What do a baby and a pancake have in common?
a: If its black it aint good

q: What did the watch say when the necklace, earrings, purse and ring killed the shoes?
a: I won't be an accessory to this.

q: Who's the most famous chair tester?
a: Mike Easter

q: What did the termite eat for dinner?
a: A table for two.

q: Why are Russians such bad pilots?
a: Because they're always Stalin.  Thank you, good night. 

q: What does a female preacher feed her newborn child?
a: Pastorized milk.

q: What did the mushroom put in his bio for the online dating service?
a: Im a fungi

q: Did you hear about the 80 year old man who ran naked through the flower show?
a: ...he won first place for a dried arrangement!

q: What did the Frenchman yell on the roller coaster?
a: Yes!

q: Why does Martin Luther King like jam?
a: Because God bless America

q: Do you know what makes darks better than whites?
a: Not dropping all your fucking socks

q: How do you tell a chemist no?
a: Nitrogen Monoxide

q: What do monkeys drink in space?
a: Orangu-Tang.

q: How do you kill 100 flies?
a: Smack an Ethiopian kid in the face.

q: How many reindeers does Santa Claus have?
a: Santa Claus has 10 reindeers according to the song.  

q: How many sperm cells do virgins have at any given time?
a: Ohh.. About a handful.

q: What's the difference between a line of naked women and a magician?
a: Well, the magician has a cunning array of stunts...

q: What's the difference between 100 dead babies and a Lamborghini?
a: You won't find a Lambo in a landfill.

q: Can you name all of Santa's reindeer?
a: No, they already have names.

q: What do bees use to do their hair?
a: Honeycombs!

q: Why is a day at the office the same as Christmas?
a: Because you do all the work, and the fat guy with the suit gets all of the credit.

q: Two potatoes are standing on the street corner, which one is the prostitute?
a: The one that says Idaho 

q: Why do computer programmers confuse Christmas and Halloween?
a: Because OCT 31 = DEC 25. 

q: Why did the bicycle fall over??
a: Because it was two tired...

q: What do Michael Jackson and Santa have in common?
a: They both leave little boys rooms with lighter sacks.

q: Why did the snowman have a smile on his face?
a: Because the snowblower was coming down the block.

q: Where does Crazy Horse live?
a: In an unstable.

q: Why did Sally fall off the swings?
a: She didn't have any arms. Knock knock. (Who's There) Not Sally

q: My favorite Christmas joke: Why do Mexicans have tamale making parties on Christmas Eve?
a: So the kids have something to unwrap on Christmas morning.

q: Why do Mexicans re-fry beans?
a: Ever seen a spic do something right the first time?

q: Wanna hear a joke about the eleventh letter of the alphabet?
a: No? K. 

q: How do you spot Will Smith on a snowy Christmas morning?
a: Look for Fresh Prince

q: Who's the best person to invite over for Christmas?
a: Charlie Sheen. Because you know it's GUARANTEED to be a white Christmas when he's around.

q: What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
a: Slow down and use lubricant.

q: What do you call a Chinese man with a pet cat?
a: A vegetarian.

q: What part of a vegetable is the most difficult to eat?
a: The roots.

q: What did Santa say to the three prostitutes?
a: (Pointing to each in turn) Ho! Ho! Ho!

q: Why are there school shootings?
a: Mr.Garrison: "Let's start the day with a world news question. Why are there school shootings?" The media: "Violent video games?" Mr.Garrison: "Okay, now lets try to get an answer from someone who's not a complete retard.

q: Why are Microsoft circuit boards so bad?
a: They use French resistors.

q: How many members of the NRA does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: More guns.

q: Why did the ant crawl up Princess Kate's stocking?
a: To go to the grand opening. Why did the ant crawl up Prince Williams' trousers? To get to the royal ball.

q: What's the difference between you and Bear Grylls?
a: You'd get fired if you drank piss at work.

q: What do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common?
a: You know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.

q: What's the worst part about watching porn?
a: ... The climax is always the same. 

q: why didn't Maria go to prom?
a: she had no Juan to go with 

q: Why do you put a baby into a blender feet-first?
a: So you can see the look on its face. How do you get said baby out of the blender? Tortilla chips. 

q: Why do the French stink?
a: So blind people can hate them too

q: How many NRA members does it take to change a light bulb?
a: A: More guns.

q: Why does a jew watch pornography backwards?
a: He wants to see the prostitute give back money.

q: What does a duck call a tractor?
a: A Quakter

q: What's angry, fluffy and destructive and gathers inside stringed instruments?
a: Violint

q: What did the Jewish child molester say to the kid?
a: Hey kid, do you want to buy some candy?

q: What's black, wears a bandana and ends the world?
a: Tupacalypse. (thanks to my buddy Mike)

q: Did your world end today?
a: Mayan didn't

q: Has anyone else's world ended yet?
a: Mayan hasn't.

q: Why didn't Santa's father get a ticket for speeding in the sleigh?
a: A grandfather claus got him out of it!

q: Why do midgets not wear tampons?
a: They might trip on the string. 

q: Why are Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse having a divorce?
a: Because Minnie is fucking Goofy

q: Why did the rancher get out of the hemp-fed beef market?
a: The steaks were too high.

q: Have you heard about the corduroy pillow?
a: It's making Head-Lines!

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who passed his brother in the woods one day?
a: ...just think about it.

q: What's the hardest part to eat on a vegetable?
a: The wheelchair

q: How do epileptics greet people?
a: They shake.

q: What is Snoopy's favorite Japanese dish?
a: Snushi.

q: Cheesy Christmas Jokes?
a: Does any one know any really cheesy but actually really funny christmas jokes? short ones as they are easier to send? struggling to think of any myself

q: Have you heard the one about the butter?
a: Nah, you'll just spread it around.

q: Why don't midgets ever get accepted into nudist colonies?
a: They keep sticking their noses into everyone else's business.

q: What do a walrus and a ziploc bag have in common?
a: They both like a tight seal.

q: Why does the French Army install Rear-view mirrors in their Tanks?
a: So that they can see the battle.

q: What sound does a racist machine gun make?
a: kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

q: Student: What is the chance we are alone in the universe?
a: Professor: Astronomical. 

q: Have you heard about the record-setting farmer...?
a: He's outstanding in his field

q: Are you from Iraq?
a: Cause i wanna see you Baghdad ass up. 

q: Hear about the 2 Mexican firemen?
a: Jose and Josb

q: What do you call a gay Jewish and Chinese couple?
a: Christmas dinner every night. Happy holidays reddit!

q: What did Helen Keller say after being handed a cheese grater?
a: That's the worst book I ever read.

q: Why are trains so energetic?
a: They have Conductors. 

q: what sex position produces the ugliest babies?
a: ask your mother

q: What do you call a sheep with no legs?
a: A cloud

q: How do you eat an Indian taco?
a: Lift her gut.

q: What did the Catholic baker say after baking the Easter Eucharist?
a: He is risen.

q: What does an angry pepper do?
a: It gets jalepeo face. 

q: What is a mexican's favorite sport?
a: Cross-country

q: What did the mobster call it when he couldn't move his dead friend's body?
a: Rigatoni!

q: What is Bruce Lee's beverage of choice?
a: WATAAAAAR

q: What did Eminem say when 50cent gave him a sweater?
a: Gee, you knit?

q: Can I borrow ten dollars?
a: Can I borrow ten dollars, but can you only give me five dollars now? Why do I only want five dollars, you ask? Well, then you'd owe me five dollars, and I'd owe you five dollars, and then we'd both be even.

q: What do you call a stock market crash in Japan?
a: The "My Yen" Apocalypse

q: What did batman say to Robin before they got in the Batmobile?
a: "Robin, get in the batmobile!"

q: What does a 9-Volt battery and an asshole have in common?
a: If you lick it, and nothing happens, you know its dead.

q: What did the polite gay man say to the other man when he left the bar?
a: Please allow me to push in your stool sir.

q: whats the difference between me and the bible?
a: i'm easy to read

q: What does Batman put in his beverages?
a: Just ice. 

q: what does a man with a 9" cock eat for breakfast?
a: this morning, I ate some toast, cereal, coffee, bacon & eggs, hash browns...

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a hooker with dysentery?
a: One of them shucks between fits. 

q: What's green slimy and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the Frog's finger.

q: Whats the difference between me and a calendar?
a: A calendar has dates. 

q: What's a narcoleptics favorite game?
a: Hide and go sleep.

q: What did the water say to the boat?
a: Nothing. It just waved.

q: what's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
a: the taste

q: Which country has the cheapest prostitutes?
a: Vietnam. Because over there you need 20840 dongs to make a dollar.

q: How do you kill a thousand flies at once?
a: slapping a nigerian kid in the face

q: Why are bachelors thin, and married men fat?
a: Bachelors come home, check to see what's in the fridge, and go to bed. .Married men come home, check to see what's in the bed, and go the fridge.

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Hummer?
a: The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.

q: What do you call it when a brunette dyes her hair blonde?
a: Brainwashing.

q: Why are there no mexican in the olympics?
a: Because any Mexican that can run, jump or swim is in america!

q: Why did you cut me down, lumberjack?
a: Lumberjack: Oh, you really don't know why? Tree: Sorry, I'm stumped.

q: What happened when the shoe factory burned down?
a: 500 soles were lost. 

q: Did you know unicorns exist?
a: Yeah man. You didn't know? They're short and fat, and people call them rhinos.

q: What did the dolphin say when he got in trouble?
a: "I didn't do it on Porpoise!!"

q: What body of water is used for writing?
a: The Apostrosea.

q: Did you guys hear about the circus fire?
a: It was in tents. 

q: What do you call a white girl with a yeast infection?
a: A cracker with cheese.

q: How do you stop an Italian from talking?
a: Tie his hands together

q: What did the salt say to the pepper?
a: Season's greetings!

q: Why shouldn't white people swim?
a: Crackers get soggy when wet.

q: What do men and public toilets have in common?
a: All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. 

q: What's a Mexican's favorite candy bar?
a: A payday

q: What's the difference between The Rolling Stones and a scottish shepard?
a: One says " Hey you get off my cloud", and the other says "Hey McCloud get off my ewe!"

q: Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority?
a: Because they hate Dick's

q: Why do Mexicans walk around school like they own the place?
a: Their Father built the place and their Mother cleans it.

q: What's the difference between a cunt punch and fisting?
a: pants

q: What do you get when you cross an iPad with a Christmas Tree?
a: A PiNEAPPLE! Get it? ;-D

q: What did the Jewish boy get for Christmas?
a: Jealous

q: How did they get John McAfee out of Guatemala?
a: McAfee Removal Tool

q: What did O say to Q?
a: Ya dick is hangin out.

q: what do you call a black man that flies an airplane?
a: a pilot you racist fuck

q: Why does the can crusher hate his job?
a: Because it's soda pressing. 

q: What did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed?
a: Yes but we cantaloupe.

q: Why did Tim Tebow's mom protest against the Russian soup truck?
a: It contained a borscht ton.

q: What do women and parking spots have in common?
a: All the good ones are already taken, and the available ones are either pay or handicapped.

q: Why did the hipster burn his mustache on his coffee?
a: ...he was totally drinking it before it was cool. 

q: What did the sergeant say to the corporal?
a: I need to see your privates.

q: What is the difference between a horse and a cabbage?
a: I have never been hungry enough that I could eat a cabbage.

q: Why don't Mexicans cross the border in groups?
a: Because the border says "No TRESpassing"

q: What do frogs do when they are depressed?
a: They Kermit suicide.

q: What do you get when you kiss a bird?
a: Chirpies.  It's a Canarial Disease.  It's Untweetable!

q: How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb??
a: None. They just beat the room for being black

q: Why did Florence Welch sing 'Sweet Nothing'?
a: Because she was out of lemo-nada. It's okay guys, i'll let myself out...

q: What's Snoop Dogg's favourite chocolate bar?
a: Sniggas.

q: What machine should I use at the gym to impress girls?
a: The ATM

q: What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?
a: Around Ten-ish.

q: What's the difference between a blowjob and pizza?
a: Your mom never gave me pizza.

q: What job did the farmer give to his learning-disabled child?
a: Herder

q: Why do hippies have sex at music festivals?
a: Because it is intents

q: Did you hear about the atom that was caught stealing electrons?
a: He was arrested and charged. ...this is the stuff I come up with while procrastinating studying for finals.

q: Whats the difference between pink and purple???
a: Your grip!!!

q: Do you give head to strangers?
a: Or should I introduce myself?

q: Why can Owls turn there head 270 degrees?
a: Because they don't have wing mirrors.

q: What do you get when you mix a penis and a potato?
a: A dictator.

q: Do they have rehabilitation services for people who are addicted to Kaopectate?
a: Because this shit needs to stop. 

q: What do pennies and fat chicks have in common?
a: Unless you're broke and desperate, they're not worth picking up. 

q: How do deaf people tell each other secrets ?
a: They wear mittens.

q: What do you call a black guy who flies a plain?
a: A pilot, you fucking racist.

q: What was the weather like at the rap concert?
a: There was a Lil Wayne.

q: Did you hear about new product out from Tampax?
a: The iPad. 

q: What do all dogs get with their phones?
a: Collar ID

q: What gets harder as you beat it?
a: A penis.

q: How much do pirates pay for earrings?
a: Somewhere around a buck an ear.

q: Why couldn't the skeleton add 1 + 1?
a: Because he doesn't have a brain

q: How long does it take to for Mexicans to do a job?
a: Oh, wait they're done. 

q: why are black people fast?
a: all the slow ones are in jail

q: Q. What did the banana say to the vibrator?
a: A. Why are you shaking? She's going to eat me!

q: What do you get when you cross an insomniac, dyslexic, and an agnostic?
a: Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.

q: Whats yellow and lives off dead beatles?
a: Yoko Ono

q: Did you hear about the baby born with no eyelids?
a: They used his foreskin for an eyelid skin graft. . . . . .

q: What's yellow and flys through walls?
a: A magic banana...

q: What do you call an aligator in a vest?
a: investigator 

q: What's the difference between Ice Age 4 and Batman The Dark Knight?
a: The kids walked out of Ice Age 4... Alive

q: Where do people from Laos like to swim?
a: In Laotian.

q: Why was Mohamed Ali born a fighter?
a: In the womb, he used to fight bald clowns. (Self made joke)

q: How do you know you're not logged into reddit?
a: There are   posts on the frontpage

q: did you hear about the cannibal in school?
a: it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class.

q: How do you fix a broken Tuba?
a: Tuba glue.

q: Why do terds taper at the end?
a: So your asshole doesn't slam shut.

q: How do you say doormat in Spanish?
a: Matador

q: Why did the bishop love Walmart?
a: 'Coz the boys pants are all half off.

q: What does a doctor say to the new father of a stillborn child?
a: Close, but no cigar.

q: Why do breasts have nipples?
a: Because without them they would be pointless. 

q: Whats faster than a speeding bullet?
a: A Jew with a coupon  

q: What is the meanest practical joke one can pull on a blind person?
a: Leaving a plunger in the toilet.

q: What's the difference between a woman and a video game?
a: I don't get an erection when I beat a video game.

q: Remember the guy who lost his left side?
a: He's   now

q: What did Chris Brown say to Rihanna the first time he saw her?
a: I'd hit it

q: What was it called when the dragon from The Hobbit was thrown out a window?
a: The Defenestration of Smaug.

q: What does a bully say to someone with severe depression?
a: Stop hating yourself, stop hating yourself!

q: Why was the cell phone wearing glasses?
a: He had lost his contacts!

q: Why is a pizza delivery guy like a gynecologist?
a: They're allowed to smell it, but they get in trouble if they eat it. Teehee

q: Why don't girls have beards?
a: It's in their "jeans" ;)

q: Have you ever wondered whether it is your dog or your wife who is your real friend?
a: Yes? Well if you have, just try this experiment... Put your dog and your wife in the boot of the car for an hour. When you open the trunk, which one is really happy to see you?

q: Sexxist much?
a: Q: how do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow? A: give her a shovel.

q: What type of shoes to pedophiles wear?
a: White Vans.

q: How do you get a baby to stop choking?
a: Take your dick out of its mouth.

q: How did hitler tie his shoes?
a: In little nazis

q: How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, it's a hardware problem!

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a prostitute?
a: The looks on their faces while you're nailing them.

q: How can you get 20 jews into a VW Beetle?
a: Easy - just use the ashtray

q: How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car?
a: He didn't

q: What did Ryu say to Ken?
a: HOWAREYOUKEN?!

q: Why did the priest dislike geometry?
a: It's sin-ful. [self made joke]

q: Have you heard about Henry the brown-nosed reindeer?
a: He's just as fast as Rudolf, he just can't stop as quick

q: What do you call a mexican baptism?
a: Bean dip.

q: If Spooning leads to Forking, what does Knifing lead to?
a: Abortions.

q: Ever see the movie human centipede?
a: That movie sucks ass.

q: What's the iPhone's favorite football team?
a: The Chargers.

q: What do you call a magnet that can go both ways?
a: Bi-Polar

q: What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common?
a: Thousands of brown loafers

q: You know how dolphins rape a lot?
a: They do it on porpoise.

q: Why do dinosaurs use Christian dating sites?
a: Because they can lie about their age!

q: What do you call a missing psychic midget?
a: A small medium at large.

q: What's the #1 cause of pedophilia?
a: ...sexy kids NOTE:  Don't let this note, my acct. name, and the fact that this is only my second post interrupt your comedic   enjoyment

q: How can you tell your sister is on her period?
a: Your dad's cock tastes like blood.

q: What sits at the bottom of the ocean and shakes?
a: A nervous wreck!

q: What do you call a "to-go" dish ordered from German-Italian restaurant?
a: Alfredosehen

q: Why have all the immigrants left?
a: They had no rights.

q: What is 34.5?
a: 69 for midgets

q: What kind of amphibian is in charge of the salad bar?
a: a salad-manager

q: Why did the belt get arrested?
a: Because it held up a pair of pants.  I'll show myself out. 

q: What do you call a turtle with an erection?
a: A slow poke! 

q: How many children with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Wanna go swimming? 

q: What does a whore call a bus load of men?
a: Meals on Wheels

q: What do you call an organised rebellion with twice as many people as usual?
a: A sedan d'tat.

q: Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke?
a: Joke. Joke. Jooooooooooke. 

q: What is it called when the gynecologist slanders your grandfather?
a: A pap smear.

q: Do you know why I stopped playing Uno with my Mexican friends?
a: They steal all the green cards.

q: Why did the monkey put a bone in his mouth?
a: He wanted to smoke a joint!

q: What happened to the Asian man who walked into a wall with a boner?
a: He smashed his his nose.

q: Why do chicken coops have 2 doors?
a: Because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!

q: Why did Jesus lose his Halo?
a: Nobody wanted to play on his team any longer after he had a 0 and 2 kill/death ratio and it took him 3 days to respawn. 

q: What's the difference between your mother and a Mallard with a cold?
a: One's a sick duck... I forget the rest but your mother's a whore

q: What's the difference between a baseball and a fat girls pussy?
a: You could probably eat a baseball.

q: What is long, hard, and has cum in it?
a: Cucumber

q: What does the zero say to the eight?
a: I like your belt.  Ok, ok. I know it's elementary, but I still love it.

q: What did the Middle Eastern dictator say after he had lunch?
a: I ate so many chickpeas, now I falafel.

q: What happens when you put the energizer bunny's battery's in backwards?
a: He keeps coming and coming and coming.

q: How did Jesus feel when they crucified him?
a: He was cross.

q: What do you get when you cross a mountain and a desert?
a: Very tired feet.

q: How do you get to Shepherds Bush?
a: Up the Shepherd's leg!

q: What do you call a German dust storm?
a: A Jewish family reunion.

q: Why couldn't the Lesbian Jew hook up during passover?
a: She had a yeast infection 

q: What was the oak's favorite subject?
a: Chemistree.

q: Why were there only 3,000 Mexicans at The Alamo?
a: They only had 4 cars.

q: What defies the law of gravity?
a: Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.

q: Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel prize?
a: He was out standing in his field

q: Why did the lesbian go to Sports Authority?
a: because she didn't like dicks.

q: What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion?
a: De-calf-inated

q: What do you call an Irish snake in Lord of the Rings?
a: Legolas

q: What's the difference between a meteor and a meteorite?
a: Ite. Sorry, a kid said this in elementary school and it was funny back then :)

q: What do you call a gay guy in a sleeping bag?
a: A fruit roll up

q: What do you call a guy with a big orange nose?
a: Sir. The man has enough on his plate without being treated as a lesser individual by society.

q: How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise?
a: He says "Cerebro"

q: Whats the difference between Caesar and Casanova?
a: Caesar said:"I came, I saw, I conquered." Casanova said:"I saw, I conquered, I came."

q: Which chord do pedophiles like the most?
a: A minor

q: What did the architect say about the rack?
a: How does she not fall over?

q: What's faster than a black guy running down the street with your T.V?
a: His brother holding the VCR.

q: What's the difference between water falling from the sky and hamburgers falling from the sky?
a: One of them is a meatier shower. 

q: What do you call a stoned pig?
a: Baked Ham

q: How do you throw a party in Nigeria?
a: You stick a piece of bread to the ceiling

q: Why did the bald guy cut a hole in his pocket?
a: Because he wanted to run his fingers through his hair.

q: How do you know if your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: She can use your wifes clothes

q: What do you call a depressed clementine on a late night walk?
a: A meanderin' orange.

q: Why do people smile in Africa?
a: So they won't run into each other in the dark.

q: Why'd the kid drop his ice cream cone?
a: Because he got hit by the bus.

q: What does a british man say when he's about to climax?
a: I'm arriving

q: Want to hear the shortest joke in the world?
a: Midget shortage.

q: Why are waiters terrible pornstars?
a: They only want the tip

q: What's white, plastic, and not suitable for ages 5 and under?
a: Michael Jackson

q: What did the Jew say at the Football game?
a: Get the quarter back!

q: What's sad about three black guys driving over a cliff in a Cadillac?
a: They were my friends :(

q: What does Batman like in his drinks?
a: Just ice

q: How do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow?
a: Give her a shovel!

q: What do you call a Muslim cowboy?
a: Dirty hairy.

q: What do you get when combine a penis and a potato???
a: A dictator!

q: What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison?
a: A small medium at large!

q: Have you heard the one about the midget fortune teller that robbed a McDonalds?
a: The papers the next day read, "SMALL MEDIUM AT LARGE"

q: Did you hear about the robot that was angrier than half of the other robots?
a: It was in mean median mode.

q: What do you get when you mix a broccoli and a melon?
a: The saddest vegetable known to man: a melonccoli.

q: Who's Angry in Japan?
a: The director of Life of Pi.

q: What size clothes do fortune tellers wear?
a: Medium.

q: What's got 40 balls and fucks ducks?
a: A 12 Gauge Shotgun

q: What did the late arriving cannibal receive at the dinner party?
a: The cold shoulder.

q: Why did Mary and Joseph's WIFI get hacked?
a: Because Jesus WEPt.

q: What has 5 balls and rapes the poor?
a: The lottery.

q: What do physics majors do when they hit the club?
a: They torque it..

q: What did the cannibal who was late to the dinner party get?
a: The left-ovaries.

q: What are some funny offensive jokes?
a: Title

q: How do you make a cat sounds like a dog?
a: Douse it in gasoline and set it on fire.  !

q: Best time to watch German rape porn?
a: Nein! Ooooo nein!

q: What is the best tool for getting a handle on your gambling addiction?
a: A vice grip.

q: Why are Catholics the worst drivers?
a: They always pull out at the last second (usually to avoid a child).

q: What's the difference between a politician and an actor?
a: One acts solely for money, the other is the actor. 

q: What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation?
a: A radical equation.

q: How many Frenchmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one to hold it in place while the rest of Europe runs circles around it.

q: Why was the snake soft?
a: He had reptile dysfunction.

q: What did the lizard get at home depot?
a: Reptile. 

q: What does Santa and his elves listen to in their Christmas workshop?
a: WRAP MUSIC!

q: Why was the electron mad?
a: Well, it doesn't really matter...

q: What's the difference between Hitler and Ronald McDonald?
a: One of them is red and the other one is dead. LOLZ

q: Why the java programmer wear glasses?
a: He couldn't C#

q: How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat?
a: When She fits in your wife's clothes.

q: Did you hear about the two peanuts walking down the street?
a: One was a salted.

q: Why can't R2D2 walk?
a: Because he has MS-DOS

q: How do you make a woman drive in a circle?
a: Take away her rights.

q: Why do black people have white hands?
a: Because everyone has a little good in them

q: What do you say when you fart on an elevator?
a: Did you hear that asshole talking shit behind my back?

q: Why did the man with 5 dicks take his pants to the tailor?
a: So they'd fit like a glove.

q: What does a dyslexic agnostic insomniac do?
a: ...Stays up all night pondering the existence of a dog

q: What was Confucius' favorite comfort food?
a: Macaroni and Qi. 

q: Need to write some current event jokes for a show, need help! Whatcha got, reddit?
a: I am not funny and I need to be. I am writing a script for a short show that's formatted like "Weekend Update" on Saturday Night Live. So that means one sentence about the topic, and then one liner joke. Thank you all!

q: what did the zero say to the eight?
a: nice belt.

q: What does a death row inmate get after their last meal?
a: Their just desserts.

q: What's a Sikh's favourite kind of joke?
a: A Nanak Nanak joke.

q: Did you hear about the man who was born without any ears?
a: Niether did he.

q: What do you call James Bond in the bathtub?
a: Bubble-0-7

q: What's the difference between an alpaca and your Mom?
a: One is a hairy beast that spits, the other is native to South America.

q: What's a Rabbi's favourite drink?
a: Mountain Jew.

q: What grows when you squeeze it, explodes if you rub it too hard, and children love it?
a: A balloon animal!

q: Why was the baby Honeydew sad?
a: Because it was Meloncholic

q: Stupid joke I made up, 101: Where does a sandwich go when it gets good grades?
a: Honor roll. 

q: What is 007's fetish?
a: Bondage...

q: What does every "Tickle Me Elmo" get before they leave the factory?
a: Two test tickles

q: What did the rock say when he had to leave his girlfriend for a long time?
a: I pumice I'll come back soon!

q: What diapers should you put on a dead baby?
a: Pamperspired.

q: What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan?
a: The Sims

q: Why aren't there any Walmarts in Afganistan?
a: Because there's a target on every corner.

q: What's the other word for a pedophile with a large hat?
a: The Pope.  (sorry if repost, my friend just told it to me) 

q: What should you never give to a Jewish person as a present?
a: A dustpan.

q: What is your most favorite vagina joke?
a: My contribution: Q: Why is a vagina just like the weather? A: When it's wet, it's time to go inside Q: Why is a woman's pussy like a public restroom?  A: They both feel good, but you wonder who has been there before you! Vagina jokes are not funny. Period.

q: What's the difference between a black man and a park bench?
a: A park bench can support a family.

q: How do you see fish semen?
a: You Blow-Fish!

q: Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby?
a: One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon

q: What do you get when you cut a hooker in half with a chainsaw?
a: an erection

q: What's green and flies over Germany ?
a: Snazis. This insanely corny joke brought to you by my Dad, circa 1990. May he rest in peace!

q: What's the difference between my porn stash and Call of Duty?
a: One is full of screaming 10 year old boys and the other is Call of Duty.

q: Did you hear about the Jewish pedophile?
a: He said "Hey, kid. Can I sell ya some candy?"

q: Why'd the apple jump in the grinder?
a: He was suicider.

q: Why shouldn't white people go swimming?
a: Nobody likes a soggy cracker! 

q: What does Jerry Jones do after winning the Super Bowl?
a: Gives the X Box back to grandkids

q: What do you get when you cross a seal and a polar bear?
a: A polar bear.

q: What do you call a baby girl who died of alcohol poisoning?
a: Give me a blender and we'll call her a bloody mary.

q: What kind of triangle jokes can never be made right?
a: Ones with an obtuse angle.

q: What do Beethoven's 9th and a dead baby have in common?
a: They're both D-composed.

q: Whats the difference between a woman and a dog?
a: Put them both in the trunk of your car, drive around the block, and see which ones happy to see you afterwards.

q: How many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, "Pssh, I can do that."

q: What is the worst place to go on Black Friday?
a: Awnser: Home Depot They have power tools lol

q: Why can't two Asians make a Caucasian?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white.

q: How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes?
a: Constant ripostes.

q: What does a woman say after three consecutive orgasms?
a: You mean you don't know? 

q: Why the dwarves surf in the kitchen?
a: Because it has microwaves

q: What's the difference between the Rockettes and a troop of acrobats?
a: One is a cunning array of stunts.

q: What did Santa say when he went to a brothel?
a: Hoe hoe hoe!

q: How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes?
a: He feinted. (Sorry)

q: What's a cokeheads favorite TV show?
a: Whose Line is it Anyway

q: How do you keep a Turkey in suspense?
a: I'll tell you later.

q: what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol?
a: Tequila mockingbird.

q: What breaks when u give it to a toddler?
a: Her hips

q: How do you mail an egg?
a: In a henvelope!

q: What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a tree?
a: My cock while I'm doing it.

q: Why didn't the other viruses hang out with The Common Cold?
a: Because he is a bad influenza

q: How do you know if you have a high sperm count?
a: Your girlfriend has to chew before she swallows. 

q: What did Mary give her cheating husband for Christmas?
a: A bullet.

q: What is the worst way to find out you just came into money?
a: via sticky notes

q: Why was Lisa not able to ride a bike?
a: She was a cat.

q: Do you know why Dead Baby jokes never get old?
a: Because they die so young. 

q: What do you call a Mexican that won't get on a scale?
a: A no weigh Jose.

q: What's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage?
a: Infanticider. 

q: Did you hear about the Buddhist that refused Novocaine during his root canal?
a: He wanted to transcend dental medication...

q: What two things should people stop shaking because shaking hurts these things development?
a: Polaroid Integral Film and Babies 

q: What do you call Jewish folk from New Jersey?
a: Orange juice.

q: Who would you save first?
a: Wife asks her husband: Honey, If a lion attacks my mother and I, Who would you save first? Husband: Well, the lion!

q: What did the baker say when he saw the beautiful woman?
a: "I think I'm in loaf." Ba dum, tss. 

q: Why does nobody like the element Bi?
a: Because he's all up in your bismuth.

q: Did you hear about the frog that wasn't good at parking?
a: He had to get toad.

q: How do you get a redneck to give a dog a blowjob?
a: Dip the dog's dick in ranch dressing.

q: What do you call a dog with no legs and metal balls?
a: Sparky.

q: When two gay men get married, whose parents pay for the wedding?
a: Neither, because they're both ashamed of their children's disgusting and sinful lifestyle choices.

q: What's the best thing about 23 year olds?
a: There's 20 of them.

q: What did the black kid get on his SATs?
a: BBQ sauce.

q: What is the difference between an Eskimo and a eunuch?
a: One is a frigid midget with a rigid digit, the other is a massive vassal with a passive tassel  (found this in Horace's Satires)

q: Did you hear about the man with no arms or legs that swam the English channel?
a: What a cleverdick...

q: When is a single gay man's favorite time of the day?
a: When he takes a shit. 

q: What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean?
a: fucked

q: How do you turn a Fox into an Elephant?
a: Marry her.

q: Did you hear about the condom that flew across the bedroom?
a: It was PISSED OFF!

q: What's the difference between a racist joke and a sexist joke?
a: Racist jokes are offensive.

q: Why doesnt justin bieber shop at Sports Authority?
a: Cause he prefers Dicks.

q: What did the redneck say after his girlfriend swallowed?
a: You gots the purdiest tooth I ever comed across, Sis.

q: What do you call it when many people drown in Berlin?
a: A killing Spree.

q: Who was the fattest Renaissance painter?
a: Donutello * I love pun jokes give me some more

q: What did the hamburger name his daughter?
a: Patty

q: What does a sick ninja practice?
a: kung flu

q: What's long and hard?
a: The sock under my bed.

q: How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool?
a: Say, " Everyone out of the pool please."

q: What does a dyslexic tiger and a bus driver have in common?
a: A bus driver can't change his stops.

q: What's good on pie, but not on pussy?
a: Crust.

q: What happened to the clock that was still hungry?
a: It went back 4 seconds.

q: Who granted the fish's wish?
a: Fairy codmother

q: Why shouldn't you put a baby in the microwave?
a: Because you get better results from slowly roasting it in the oven.

q: What do you call an exploding ape?
a: A baboom.

q: What's the difference between sex and conversation?
a: You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion... 

q: Did you hear what happened after an Iranian mullah walked head-first into an airplane propeller?
a: The shi'ite really hit the fan.

q: Whats the difference between Batman and a Blackman?
a: Batman can go into a store without robin....

q: What is Hitler's least favorite beverage?
a: Juice.

q: Why do you take toilet paper to the twilight zone?
a: DODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODO

q: What do you call a table with dots all over it?
a: The periodic table!

q: What do transvestites do at Christmas?
a: Eat, drink and be Mary.

q: What's the difference between a school teacher and a train?
a: A school teacher tells you to spit out your gum, a train says choo choo.

q: Why is Light Beer like sex in a canoe?
a: It's fucking close to water

q: What is the saddest thing in you're life?
a: That you clicked on this link only to correct my grammer....

q: What does spinach and butt sex have in common?
a: When they are forced on you as a child you resent them as an adult

q: What is the worlds wettest animal?
a: The reindeer 

q: Did you hear that the BBC have sacked Bob the Builder?
a: They feel they can no longer trust a children's TV star who claims to be able to 'fix it' 

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a doormat?
a: You might try and knock some mud off on the sidewalk before you step on the doormat.

q: What's the hardest part about eating your vegetables?
a: Digesting the wheelchair.

q: How can you tell if a Mexican is feeling sad?
a: They're wearing a SOMBERERO

q: How did the mathmatician become unconstipated?
a: He worked it out with a pencil

q: Why was 11 afraid of 12?
a: Because 12 13 14!!!!! GET IT?!?!??! source: some comment on reddit I read like 6 months ago

q: My favorite joke: How many Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One. They stick the bulb in the socket and wait for the world to revolve around them!

q: What do you get when you cross a Jew with two planks of wood?
a: Christianity

q: How did the hipster burn their lips?
a: They ate the pizza before it was cool

q: What do Alan Turing and a well-mixed solution have in common?
a: They're both homo-genius.

q: What's the difference between three dicks, and the truth?
a: Your mom can't handle the truth.

q: My girlfriend just asked me.. What's an English geologist's favourite fruit?
a: A pomegranate. 

q: What did one volcano say to the other?
a: " i lava you "

q: whats black on top and white on the bottom?
a: rape

q: why was the computer late to work?
a: because it had a hard drive! (stole it from ellen, from her classic joke tuesday)

q: What kind of underwear does a math-obsessed mermaid wear?
a: An algae bra.

q: What kind of computer sings?
a: A Dell

q: What kind of underwear do the GI Joes wear?
a: None, they go commando.

q: What happened when the turkey got into a fight?
a: He got the stuffing knocked out of him.

q: Did you guys see that documentary about the voice of Elmo?
a: It's very "touching".

q: What's black and white, and red all over. And cant fit through a revolving door?
a: A nun with a javelin through her. 

q: Why was  afraid of ?
a: Because   !

q: Why is Michael J. Fox better than a vibrator?
a: You never have to buy batteries.

q: Reddit, will you share your favorite inside joke with me?
a: It is very interesting to look at the relationships and intricacies that make an inside joke so funny and sometimes even create a personality of its own.  It would be awesome to see all of your stories!  I would love to hear why they are funny to you and your friends.  How long has the joke been going on? Have new people been included in the circle?  If you can think of anything else, go for it!!!

q: What do you call a nun on a bicycle?
a: virgin mobile

q: What do you call a Jew with the pH level of 1?
a: Hacidic!

q: Want to hear a joke about paper pizza?
a: Nevermind, it's tearribly cheesy.

q: What do you call a bunch of high Mexicans?
a: Baked Beans

q: Why do mushmelons always have traditional marriages?
a: Because they cantaloupe. 

q: How do farmers find their sheep in tall grass?
a: Very satisfying!!

q: Did you know drinking beer makes you smart?
a: It made Bud wiser.

q: why dont women drive?
a: because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen 

q: What's the difference between a crab with boobs and a bus filled with old people?
a: One is a busty crustacean and the other is a crusty bus station.

q: What do you call assistants that help citrus fruit?
a: Lemonade.

q: How do you get Lady Gaga attention?
a: P-p-p-poke her face.

q: Have you heard about the Italian chef?
a: He pasta way

q: What did the tailor say after a job well done?
a: There is nothing left too loose.

q: Why do women have sex?
a: Because they have to.

q: Why does the Coast Guard have a 6 foot height requirement?
a: So when their ship sinks they can walk back to shore.

q: What's a simile?
a: It's like a metaphor.

q: Did you hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray?
a: They say he's a seasoned vet. 

q: What's the best part about dating a homeless girl?
a: You can drop her off anywhere!!

q: What's the difference between a hooker and a lawer?
a: A hooker will stop screwing you after you're dead.

q: What's the worst punchline on /r/jokes?
a: I haven't got the faintest idea.

q: What do you get when you mix Nyquil and MiraLAX?
a: Relaxatives.

q: What do you call a skinny Pakistani cow?
a: A moo-slim.

q: What do you call a Female Clown?
a: A Clunt.

q: What do you call someone who pushes people down stairs?
a: A stairorist.

q: How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority?
a: Because he likes Dick's.

q: What is the difference between christianity and national socialism?
a: In christianity, one guy died for all the others.

q: What does a 9 volt battery, and a pretty girls bumhole have in common?
a: People tell you not to, but you're still going to put your tongue on it.

q: Where do the Baltimore Ravens sit?
a: On The Wire. 

q: What happened when the black man went to night school?
a: The teacher marked him absent.

q: Why is being in the military like having sex?
a: The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.

q: What do you get when you cross a Jew?
a: Christianity.

q: How many beans are in Irish bean soup?
a: Two-thirty-nine.  One more and it'd be too farty.

q: What do you call a ghost in the Outback?
a: An Apparigine!

q: Whats Fred Flintstones favorite drug?
a: Crack Rock. 

q: What game do you play in a room full of Indians?
a: Connect the dots.

q: What is the best thing about dating a homeless girl?
a: You can drop her off anywhere.

q: What do you call a black man who flies airplanes?
a: A pilot, you fucking racist.

q: What's the definition of a 68?
a: That's when you blow me and I owe you 1.

q: Why cant obama ever be on a dollar bill?
a: they would have to use to much ink. 

q: What does a frenchman call a lesiban threesome?
a: Trs bien

q: What's the similarity between eating a girl out and talking to the mafia?
a: A slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.

q: What do hippies say when you tell them to get off your couch?
a: Namaste

q: Why do you never hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom?
a: Because the "p" is silent...

q: What's the difference between a politician and a catfish?
a: One's a bottom-dwelling, muck-sucker and the other is a fish. 

q: Read out loud jokes?
a: Quite a while ago I found some jokes that you just right down and make people say, Example (I won a math debate) = I want to masterbait. Does anybody else know of more of these jokes/pranks. Thanks

q: What's the grossest number?
a: 6.9 because it's a 69 with a period in the middle.

q: What do you with a crazy girl knocking on your door?
a: You don't let her out.

q: Why do gay barbecues suck?
a: Because the hotdogs taste like shit.

q: Why didn't the racist eat the middle of his sunny-side up egg?
a: Because he only likes whites.

q: Why did the hooker get a vagina implanted on her hip?
a: She wanted to make some money on the side.

q: Why did the little mermaid wear seashells?
a: D shells were too big. 

q: What's red and black and screaming all over?
a: Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.

q: Why did the hipster burn his mouth when he was eating a slice of pizza?
a: He ate it before it was cool

q: Can I have some orange juice?
a: You: Can I have some orange juice? Other person: sure go ahead. You: Do you have any orange? Other person: what? You: I have jews but i dont have any orange.

q: What kind of pants do the Mario Brothers wear?
a: Denim denim denim.  

q: Why did the creator of 9gag call it that?
a: Because that was how many dicks he could fit in his mouth before he gagged.

q: Did you know our brains are 75% fat?
a: Thinking about putting mine on a diet.  

q: Whats the difference between a shower and a toilet?
a: Showers take in lost of dirty people, but don't take shit from no one.

q: What do tight pants and a cheap hotel have in common?
a: No ballroom.

q: What's the difference between anal and a refrigerator?
a: A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out.

q: What did Sandy say when she came to New York?
a: I come to this great city with great intentions.

q: How is Mitt Romney like a failed sperm?
a: If you looked at them, you could only see a dick; and both ended up just an inch short

q: What's cooler than Obama?
a: Snowbama

q: What do you call an Inbred cow?
a: A sandwich!

q: What does a perverted frog say ?
a: Rubbit

q: What's green and lays in a ditch while covered in cookie crumbs?
a: The Girl Scout that got hit by a car.

q: What did the Ghost say to the Bee?
a: Boo Bee

q: Have you heard men get hit by lightning 6x more often than women?
a: The kitchen must be a very safe place

q: Why did God create men ?
a: Because dildos can't take out the trash. 

q: What's the lightest thing in the world?
a: The penis, Because we can lift it with a thought.

q: Why is the sea so strong?
a: It has a lot of mussels.

q: Topical! What does a Japanese man do when there's an erection?
a: He votes!

q: What did the tomato say to the cheese in court?
a: I rest my queso.

q: Joke from my childhood: What do you call a pig that losses its voice?
a: Disgruntled

q: Cake day post: What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
a: A Carrot

q: What do you call a blind buck?
a: No idear. What do you call a blind buck with no legs? Still no idear.

q: What do you call 3 Irish tree surgeons?
a: Tree fellas

q: What do you say when a virgin sneezes?
a: Goesintight.

q: Did you hear that Castro's body double retired?
a: He was tired of playing second Fidel.

q: Why are there so few female politicians?
a: It's hard to put makeup on two faces.

q: What do four out of five guys love to do?
a: Gang-rape.

q: What did one triangle say to the other triangle?
a: Hey, we should get together and square dance!

q: New subreddit r/oneliners?
a: How does everyone feel about making a new joke subreddit for oneliners, because most of the time I open a   post it is so long that I don't read it, it puts me off reading them and you cant make a tl;dr for a joke so why not have a subreddit for oneliners.

q: What do cats eat on a hot summer day?
a: Micecream!

q: what does a frozen beer, burnt pizza, and pregnant girl all have in common?
a: they all happened because some dumbass didn't pull it out in time.

q: Did you hear they are still going to run the New York Marathon?
a: Phelps is the favourite.

q: What is a sorority girl's favorite type of cheese?
a: Feta 

q: What is the difference between a BMW and a baby carriage?
a: The baby carriage is the result of last year's fun on wheels.

q: What did the hot dog say on the toilet?
a: Mustuuurd

q: What's more fun than swinging a dead baby by a string?
a: Stopping it with a shovel!

q: What's the best part about a hooker dying on you?
a: The second hour's free.

q: Why did the storm trooper get an iPhone?
a: He couldn't find the Droid he was looking for

q: What do you call a room full of Amish prostitutes?
a: A furry fish market.

q: What do you call a Pakistani man who's been everywhere and done everything??
a: Bin-der-done-dat

q: Did you hear about this year's newest fad diet coming out of New York and New Jersey?
a: The swim-fast diet.

q: What am I?
a: I am a common object enjoyed by both sexes, normally about 8 inches long, with little hairs on one end, and a hole in the other. For most of the day I am laying down, but I am ready for instant action. When in use, I move back and forth and in and out of a warm, moist hole. When the work is finally done, a white, slushy, sticky mush is left behind and I return to my original position. Cleaning is normally done after I have finished. What am I? Why, I am your very own toothbrush!

q: How do you find a blind man at a nudist beach?
a: It's not hard

q: Reddit, what's a joke you ABSOLUTELY HATE but everyone else seems to love?
a: Mine is that old binary one -  "There are 10 kinds of people in the world.  Those who understand binary and those who don't."  Well DUR HUR HUR, congratulations on counting to two. Being a timid person, I just chuckle and seethe on the inside.  

q: What did the ground say to the earthquake?
a: It's your fault!

q: What do you get when you cross a killerwhale and a cow?
a: I don't know but don't try to milk it!

q: This one came to me this morning - How do you spot a necrophiliac at a funeral?
a: Mourning wood.

q: what is a calculators favorite food?
a: pi!

q: Why was the motorcycle going so slow?
a: Because it was two tired! 

q: What does Bob Marley put on his toast?
a: Peanut butter and jammin!

q: What did the lesbian lumberjill say to her girlfriend?
a: Have I got an ax to grind with you.

q: What did the terminally-ill dock worker say about his health care?
a: "It's asbestos could be."

q: What's the first thing a Navy wife does when she wakes up in the morning?
a: She puts her clothes back on and goes home.

q: Did you hear about the competition for the world's best Tie?
a: There was no clear winner.

q: What cheese do hunters use to goad a bear out from its cave in the winter?
a: Camenbert

q: What is a pirate's favorite class in school?
a: Arrrrrrt class.

q: Why did the toast drop his ice-cream?
a: He had butterfingers!

q: Why does snoop dog need an umbrella?
a: Fo' drizzle.... 

q: Where does the army keep fish?
a: In a tank. 

q: Did you hear what sandy did to New Jersey?
a: A few billion dollars worth of improvements

q: Have you heard the new drink called Sandy?
a: ...It's a watered down Manhattan!

q: How do chickens connect online?
a: faceBAWK!

q: What do you call a fake pasta?
a: An impasta.

q: Didja hear the joke about the piece of paper ripped in half?
a: It's tearable.

q: Hear About the Restaurant on the Moon?
a: Hear about the restaurant on the Moon? Great food but no atmosphere.

q: What is the boogiemans favorite dance move?
a: the boogie

q: What's it called when Batman ditches church?
a: Christian bail.

q: What is a drug addicts favorite snack?
a: Crack-ers

q: Why did the Russian man get food poisoning?
a: Because NE-coli.

q: Why do gangsters hold their pistols sideways?
a: Because that's how it comes in the box :D

q: What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
a: A ten foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone.

q: How did Charles Darwin die?
a: Natural causes.

q: What's the difference between a hockey team and a New Jersey hooker?
a: A hockey team showers after 3 periods.

q: Hey, Reddit! Here's one about cats: why did the mother cat move her kittens?
a: She didn't want to litter.

q: Guess what New york is going as for Halloween?
a: New Orleans!

q: How do you organise a space party?
a: You planet!

q: What's the difference between a Genealogist and a Gynocologist?
a: One looks up your family tree, the other looks up your family bush.

q: What do you call 5 lesbians and 5 state workers?
a: 10 people that don't do dick.

q: Why do redneck men enjoy Halloween so much?
a: They love to pump kin.

q: Why do French people eat no more than 1 egg per meal?
a: Because one is un uf.

q: How do you know if air fresheners have gotten too smart?
a: If they have become scent-ient.

q: Do you know why the government is important?
a: It isn't, now have a landmine. -Ron Swanson

q: What do you get if you cross Bambi and a ghost?
a: Bamboo

q: What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your TV floating in the air?
a: "Drop it, nigger" What do you say when you wake in the middle of the night and see your refrigerator floating in the air? Not a goddamn thing. That's a HUGE nigger.

q: Why are peppers irritating?
a: Because they're jalapeno business!

q: What do you call a small bull?
a: A MINI-TAUR!

q: Why was the cotton candy singing?
a: Grandma, hush, that's Nicki Minaj

q: What's the Difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
a: One's $2.50 and the Other's Under a Buck!

q: Why do melons always have traditional weddings?
a: They cantaloupe.

q: How many dubstep fans does it take to wash a car?
a: One hundred and one. Two to wash it, one to dry it, and ninety eight to talk about how dirty it was.

q: how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: it's a pretty obscure number, you probably haven't heard of it.

q: What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?
a: A shoe.

q: How do you know an engineer is an extrovert?
a: He stares at   shoes while he talks to you.

q: Why does Peter Parker have a shower in his apartment?
a: He can't get out of a bath.

q: What does a church shooting sound like?
a: Pew! Pew!

q: What animal has an asshole on its back?
a: A police horse.

q: What was Hitler's favourite song?
a: Knocking on ovens door

q: Why are a lot of Italians named Tony?
a: Because as they got on the boat to leave Italy, they were stamped on the head, "TO NY".

q: What do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast?
a: Cronflakes.

q: What do mathematicians do when they are constipated?
a: They get a pencil and work it out. 

q: What do you get when you move 32 Texans into the same room?
a: A full set of teeth

q: What time does an Asian go to the dentist?
a: Toof Hurty.

q: How did the pollock die raking leaves?
a: He fell out of the tree.

q: Why did the hipster fail chemistry?
a: He thought the bond was ironic.

q: What do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?
a: Pumpkin Pi

q: Why are there no joke about Jonestown?
a: The punchlines are too long.

q: Why does the hipster make crappy coffee?
a: The beans are always under-ground.

q: How many vampires does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they prefer the dark.

q: Why is sorority row the safest place to be during a zombie invasion?
a: Cause the zombies are looking for braaaaaaaains

q: Why don't witches have babies?
a: Because their men have hollow-weenies!

q: How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool?
a: Flip it over!

q: What do Jimmy Saville's victims and Aston Villa fans have in common?
a: They're still talking about what happened in 1982.

q: Q: How do you make a woman angry and sick at the same time?
a: Cholera, bitch.

q: What does a 72 year old snatch taste like?
a: Depends...

q: What do you call a horny skeleton?
a: A boner 

q: What did the booger say to the finger?
a: Pick on someone your own size.

q: What did A and B look for at the beach?
a: A "C" gull!

q: How do black people make fruit salad?
a: They mix watermelon and grape soda.  (On a side note, I'm not racist. I just think black people and racist jokes are funny.) 

q: Did you hear about the Native American who drank 1000 glasses of tea?
a: He drown in his tea pee.

q: (really fucked up joke) How do you say happiness in German?
a: Auschwitz

q: Figured this is an appropriate time to tell this. What is an Undertaker's favorite element?
a: Barium.

q: Want to hear a joke about a jump rope?
a: Nah let's just skip it.

q: What is Irish and sits on the porch?
a: Patty O'Furniture

q: Did you hear about the fish that married the duck?
a: They got along swimmingly

q: Nerd Joke: What's the difference between UDP and an epileptic?
a: Only one of them shakes hands. I guess if you're worried about offending epileptics, you can swap out "epileptic" with "well-trained dog." I came up with this after hearing another UDP joke: "I know a great UDP joke, but you might not get it."

q: What are a redneck's last words?
a: "Hey, guys, look what I can do!"

q: What's the darkest joke you know?
a: I've always been a fan or dark humor, so, what's the darkest joke you know. no boundaries, no getting offended. please don't downvote anyone because you find it offensive, that's life, get over it. 

q: How do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend?
a: When he starts using condoms with other girls.

q: What's the worst place to run in to your ex girlfriend?
a: Auschwitz

q: How do lesbians keep things interesting in the bedroom?
a: They think outside the box.

q: What's the best time of this month for vampires?
a: It depends on the girl

q: Want To Hear A Knock Knock Joke?
a: 2 Guys Walk Into A Bar

q: Why are ET's eyes so big?
a: He got the phone bill

q: What do you call a food that turns black people on?
a: An  -disiac.

q: What's green and hangs from trees?
a: Elephant snot. Funniest part is seeing people's reaction when you tell it.

q: Why is it called PMS'ing?
a: Mad cow disease was already taken.

q: how did the hipster burn his tongue?
a: He sipped his coffee before it was cool

q: What do you call a camel with no humps?
a: Humpfree! :P

q: What did the black kid get for christmas?
a: Your bike.

q: How did the prof get the latin college girl pregnant?
a: He asked her to do an essay. [Also, I'm latin]

q: Why did the duck cross the playground?
a: To get to the other slide.

q: Are you an elixir?
a: Because you made my PP go up.

q: Do you know what would happen if the Pope showed up randomly to a Catholic service?
a: Mass hysteria.

q: What has two thumbs and doesn't understand jokes that require a visual component?
a: This guy!

q: What Are The Two Most Important Orifices' On A Woman?
a: The nostrils so she can breathe while she sucks your dick.

q: What are Mitt Romney's favorite shoes?
a: Flip flops

q: What did the DNA say to the RNA?
a: What are U doing here?

q: How do you make a blind moan?
a: Kick him in the balls

q: Why does Barack Obama eat bananas?
a: Because they are popular, inexpensive, and a good source of potassium. 

q: Why does it suck to be a black Jew?
a: You have to sit in the back of the oven.

q: What do you make with an Avogadro?
a: Guaca-MOL-e

q: 127 MILLION?
a: How are there 127 million subscribers when the Reddit population is WAY LESS????

q: Want to hear a clean joke? How about a dirty one as well?
a: Want to hear a clean joke? Bob took a bath. With Bubbles. Want to hear a dirty joke? (Punchline hidden so you don't accidentally read)

q: So can we do something together?
a: I know this isn't a joke but I'm sick and tired of how ridiculous some of the comments on this subreddit. Case and point read through some of the comments on the Michael j fox joke and you'll realize how stupid some of the people commenting are. I understand that the downvotes should take care of this but it would be better if they weren't even in existence. Thanks for reading.

q: Reddit is down?
a: Now where will 9gag get all of its content? 

q: Want to hear a sports joke?
a: Lance Armstrong

q: How does a mom in West Virginia know her daughter is on her period?
a: Her son's dick taste weird 

q: What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma?
a: a Karaoke 

q: How many PMSing women does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Six.  Why?  It just does! OKAY!

q: Why is it a bad idea to wear tiny shorts on a Ukranian holiday?
a: Chernobyl fallout.

q: Why don't blind people go sky diving?
a: It freaks out the dogs!

q: Who cooks in a lesbian relationship?
a: No one, they both eat out.

q: What did the dad buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school?
a: Bison

q: How do you find Will Smith when he's lost in the snow?
a: You look for the fresh prints.

q: What did one condom say to the other at a gay bar?
a: Let's get shitfaced!

q: Are there any 6 foot penguins round here?
a: Asked the stranger who just pulled up wih his truck outside a bar. "No" the barkeep replied. "Well fuck," he said, "I guess I just ran over a nun..."

q: Why do Canadians call alcohol anonymous triple A?
a: AA, Eh

q: Did you hear about the new Obama Healthcare Burrito?
a: You don't find out whats in it until you pass it...

q: What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex?
a: Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak.

q: What's the definition of Embarrassing?
a: Running into a wall with a erection and your nose touches the wall first.

q: What's a wolf's favorite breakfast food?
a: A wolffle. 

q: What's a gangsta say when a house falls on him?
a: Get off me, homes!

q: Why do indie kids suck at karate?
a: They never got past the white belt.

q: What are the most racist jokes you know?
a: There were 3 car accidents in Mexico 70 people died.  What do you call a bunch of black people in a swimming pool?  Coco puffs.

q: How many paranoids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Who wants to know?  .... saw this joke in today's 

q: Reddit, what is your favorite Limerick?
a: One of my favorites seems a perfect starter.  There once was a [person] from [place] Whose [body part] was [special case]. When [event] would occur, It would cause [him or her] To violate [law of time/space]

q: Why was the little ink blot so unhappy?
a: Because his mother was in the pen, and they didn't know how long the sentence would be.

q: Why do witches go commando when riding around on their brooms?
a: Better grip. Happy Halloween :)

q: What did the mommy broom say to the baby broom?
a: Time to go to sweep.

q: How can you make seven even?
a: How can you make seven even? Take away the letter S.

q: What's strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
a: The back of my hand.

q: What would a world without women feel like?
a: A pain in the arse.

q: Why do Asians have such small tits?
a: Because they can only get As.

q: What did the man in the "Race for a Cure" say to the three people beside him?
a: "we're walking four abreast."

q: why do pedophiles make good employers?
a: they don't mind if you're a little behind.

q: What do you call a dinosaur who joins the band The Clash?
a: A StayGosaurus

q: What kind of bear dissolves in water?
a: A polar bear.

q: What is grosser that gross?
a: Ten naked men running around in a circle and the first one stops.

q: Why can't you put the punchline in the title?
a: What do you say to piss off a redditor?

q: What's the best part about living in Indiana?
a: All the corny jokes.

q: Working title for the new Tyler Perry movie?
a: Alex Crossdresser

q: When did Anakin's Jedi Master know he was turning to the dark side?
a: In the Sith grade.

q: What do you call a very nosy spice?
a: Jalapeo Business You need to say this in a pretty thick Hispanic accent for it to work. I heard it from some classmates.

q: Why Did The One Handed Man Cross The Road?
a: So he could get to the second hand store!

q: Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan?
a: Why aren't there any walmarts in Afghanistan? Because there's a Target on every corner! 

q: Who here likes pickles?
a: A friend of mine was once employed in a pickle factory. One day, out of nowhere, he expressed a strong urge to stick his dick into the factory's pickle slicer. After a long, hard battle of will and self control, he comes home early one day to tell his wife the bad news: "I got fired for sticking my junk into the pickle slicer." -"What happened to the pickle slicer?" -"Oh, she got fired too."

q: If you drop a brown bear and a white bear into a lake, which one dissolves first?
a: The white one, because it's  . 

q: Why did the Dollar note become 4 Quarters?
a: Because it wanted "to change". 

q: what do you call a bunch of white people running down a hill?
a: An avalanche. What do you call a bunch of Mexicans running down? A mud slide. What do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill? Jail break.

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Casper?
a: One is white and scares young children and the other is a ghost.

q: What did the lawyer name his daughter?
a: Sue

q: What was the name of the time traveler with good timing?
a: Justin Time. 

q: What do you call a jewish bodybuilder?
a: Muscletov.

q: How do you know when the king of Egypt is horny?
a: ...From all the Pharaoh moans.

q: How can you tell when a lawyer is lying?
a: His lips are moving.

q: Where can you find baby dwarfs?
a: At a dwarfanage

q: Why did the Jew cross the road?
a: Because the wind blew him there.

q: What did the beaver say when his house burned down?
a: Damn

q: Why did the blonde girl get fired from the M&M factory?
a: She kept throwing away all the W's.

q: What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow?
a: A hybrid

q: How many non-compliant Germans does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Nein!

q: what's the difference between a my girlfriend and a voice activated sink?
a: One gets turned on and all wet when I speak to it.  The other is a voice activated sink.

q: What do you call a puppy on its period in the peak of summer?
a: A hot dog with ketchup at one end.

q: What does a redneck and yeast have in common?
a: They are both "in-bread" Downvote me to hell if you want. This is my only joke.

q: How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle?
a: Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed.

q: How do you catch defish?
a: With debate. 

q: What's a programmer's least favorite wind instrument?
a: The OBOE.

q: At what point does a Lamb become a Sheep?
a: When its had it's Baaaaa-Mitzvah!

q: How do you keep an idiot busy for 3500 years?
a: Give them a bible

q: Hey Southpaw, going to lunch?
a: Of course, I also have the right ...

q: What's the difference between Swine flu and Avian flu?
a: It's what the doctor does to heal you. For one you need 'oinkment', and for the other you need 'tweatment'. 

q: Do you know why only half of the women on earth will experience a real orgasm during their lifetime?
a: There's only 30 millions of Frenchmen on earth.

q: Have you heard the one about the baby with AIDS?
a: It never gets old.

q: What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards?
a: In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade.

q: Why does the easter bunny hide all the eggs?
a: Because he doesnt want anybody to know he is fucking the chicken.

q: What is it called when a duck kills another duck?
a: Quack on quack crime.

q: What do ping pong players and my dominatrix have in common?
a: They both like to paddle little, white balls.

q: Did you all hear Jerry Sandusky is getting a custom ipod touch?
a: It will be known as the itouch kids!

q: What did the CIA dogs say when they supsected they were being followed?
a: Looks like we got a tail.

q: Whats the difference between Jesus and Mexicans?
a: Jesus doesn't have Mexicans tattooed all over him.

q: What is a polygon?
a: A dead parrot. 

q: You know what makes me smile?
a: ... my face muscles

q: What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome?
a: A hand-me-down.

q: What did the dinosaur say after the car crash?
a: I'msosaurus

q: Did you hear about the testicular cancer survivor who won the lottery?
a: ...when he found out, the guy went nut.

q: Why do the ladies love Jesus?
a: This joke makes more sense if you can see it in person, but we'll give it a shot, anyway. Use your imagination. Why do the ladies love Jesus? Because he was hung like this!

q: Did you hear about the tight end who went to prison?
a: He came out a wide receiver 

q: how often do i beat my wife?
a: Every time i clap my hands.

q: What do you call it when a statistician secretly gives out clothes?
a: Discreet uniform distribution

q: Where's the best place to explore?
a: Rome.

q: Why has Santa Claus such a big sack?
a: Because he only comes once a year.

q: What are you going to do for a face?
a: When the monkey wants its bum back? :D

q: Why is it called the "funny bone" when you hit your elbow on something and it tingles?
a: Because it's humerus.

q: What happens when you put the batteries in backwards in an Energizer Bunny?
a: It keeps cumming and cumming and cumming.... 

q: How can you tell when Mitt Romney is lying?
a: His mouth is moving.

q: What are you if you aren't European?
a: Eurapoopin.   -my daughter

q: Whats the difference between a pun, and a fart?
a: One is a shift of wit and the other is a whiff of shit.

q: What kind of fish would you want to go to bed with?
a: A cuddlefish! (corny I know)

q: Why couldn't the two testes be friends?
a: Because of the vas deferens.

q: Did you hear about the nurse who swallowed razor blade?
a: She gave herself a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, and circumcised three of the doctors on her shift.

q: Why don't Barbie and Ken have kids?
a: Ken came in a different box.

q: Why do black people where baggy pants?
a: 'Cause they're knee grows!

q: Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine?
a: He had nothing left to chauffeur it.

q: How do you tell if you're at a gay barbecue?
a: The hot dogs taste like crap

q: What do you call a Sailor's hitch in the arctic?
a: Knot cool

q: Why does LeVar Burton not like to travel by airplane?
a: He usually flies twice as high.

q: What do you call someone who has one parent that is a Jew?
a: Jew...ish

q: Why couldn't the Meteor marry the Ice Comet?
a: It had a fear of Cometment 

q: How often do Chinese people have elections?
a: When they wake up every morning.

q: what do you call a black guy that flies airplanes?
a: A pilot you fucking racist!

q: Did you hear about the guy who needed to snort a line of baking soda every day?
a: He was basically addicted.

q: What's dark, and usually involved in crime?
a: A balaclava. 

q: how do you catch a unique bunny?
a: unique up on it. :) How do you catch a tame bunny? The TAME way!!! favorite cheesy joke.

q: Why did the stoplight turn red?
a: Well, you would too, if you had to change in front of that many people!

q: What do Margaret Thatcher and Jimmy Saville have in common ?
a: They both shafted minors in the 1980's.

q: What did the egg say to the water?
a: I cant get hard, i just got laid  by the chicken. 

q: What do you call a pig making cookies?
a: Bakin'!

q: What's the difference between an epileptic oyster-shucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: One shucks between fits, and the other fucks between shits.

q: What do you call a well rounded, very intelligent gay man?
a: A homogeneous homo genius!

q: What do Hutterites do on Halloween?
a: Pump-kin

q: How can you tell if a person's a vegan?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you. 

q: Has anyone heard this one? I think I came up with it in a dream?
a: I usually don't remember anything I dream, and don't ever dream anything "creative."  However, I was sleeping on the couch with the TV on, so Idk; here it is: If I were a bear, I would walk around mauling the shit out of everyone.  When asked, "how can you commit such   murders," I would simply reply: "The fuck do I know, I'm a bear." Not even sure if it's as funny as I think, but has anyone ever encountered that one?

q: What do you call a bee in the garage?
a: Garbage.

q: What do you call it when a crow throws a party and no one shows up?
a: An attempted murder.

q: Do you know why WWII got the world out of The Great Depression?
a: Because we got all the money back from the Jews.

q: Did you hear about the wooden horse?
a: Wooden poop.

q: Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new piano?
a: Neither has he.

q: What's yellow and lies in a pond?
a: Disclaimer: I don't know how well this joke will work in english. What's yellow and lies in a pond? An excevator. You don't think this is funny? Neither does the operator.

q: What do you call a asian and a black guy??
a: A math problem.

q: Why can you not play UNO with mexicans?
a: They take all the green cards.

q: What do fat white chicks and bricks have in common?
a: They both get laid by Mexicans. 

q: What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law?
a: Outlaws are wanted.

q: When is it time to bury the baby that you killed?
a: When it starts talking to you again. 

q: What do blind people think of a basketball?
a: It's a never ending story.

q: Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke?
a: Joke Joke Jooooooooke.

q: What kind of line gets thicker and thinner at the same time?
a: A line of marathon runners

q: How does Justin Bieber remove a condom?
a: He farts.

q: Who Loves Debates?
a: De fishes

q: How you compliment an Italian cheese maker?
a: "Gouda worka"

q: Whats the difference between a woman and a computer?
a: A woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies

q: Why did the molecular biologist want to make a porno film of gametes?
a: Because sex cells.

q: What did Helen Keller say when she jumped off a cliff?
a: Nothing, she was wearing mittens.

q: What did Helen Keller say when she won the lottery?
a: uunnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg!

q: How is liver like anal sex?
a: If your parents force it on you too much as a child you won't like it as an  adult.

q: Why did the chef take a job at a soup kitchen?
a: Because they had great stock options. 

q: Is the bakery hiring?
a: Cause I think I'll knead a little bit of dough to get by.

q: What's brown and rhymes with 'Snoop'?
a: Dr Dre

q: How many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Should it really be a lightbulb?

q: What kind of dance does your mother do?
a: The MOMbo. 

q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl when it goes to the toilet?
a: Because the P is silent.

q: What does the dentist of the year get?
a: A little plaque.

q: What's similar between a racehorse and a leaky faucet?
a: They're both off and running.

q: How is your first car like anal?
a: You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway. 

q: [WARNING: RACIST JOKE] What do you call a jew with a gasmask?
a: A spoilsport.

q: What did the recent KKK hit-and-run victim order at Starbucks?
a: A flat white.

q: Why do they call them 'jews'?
a: "'jew gonna do anything with that, 'cause I can take it off your hands?"

q: What do a fag and a parrot have in common?
a: Shit on their stick

q: Whats the most racist thing to buy at target?
a: Definatly the   it spends all day going chink-chink-chink-SPIC-nigga-nigga-nigga

q: What do they tell people who flunk out of astronaut academy?
a: "The sky's the limit for you".

q: What do you call a symphony of whales?
a: An orcastra

q: What did the straight edge ghost say to the bartender?
a: No boos for me. 

q: You know what I love about being bipolar?
a: NOTHING I FUCKING HATE IT!

q: What did the army of starving cannibals say when they walked into an abortion clinic in mexico?
a: feed us fetus fajitas! I hope that joke was shitty enough to make you laugh.  Inspired from this post in no context  

q: What does Snoop Lion do when he forgets to wear oven mitts?
a: Drops it like it's hot.

q: What are the bumps around a girls nipples?
a: Braille for SUCK ME.

q: Why do Java developers wear glasses?
a: Because they don't C# 

q: What did the router say to the doctor?
a: It hurts when IP.

q: What do you call a semi truck with it's load half empty?
a: Pessimist Prime

q: What's a crackhead with no drugs?
a: Crack-a-lacking

q: How many sociologists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Only one, but the light bulb has to want to change. 

q: What do you call a cow that has given birth?
a: ..... Decalfinated.

q: What do they leave on your pillow at a bordello in Dijon, France?
a: Condom-Mints

q: Did you know Helen Keller had a dollhouse?
a: Neither did she. 

q: What bounces and makes little children cry?
a: My donation check to Feed the Children!

q: What do you call a fruit that makes fun of someone?
a: A banana-nana-nana Got it on a popsicle stick. Laughed for way too long.

q: How many surrealist painters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Fish. I got this from bash.org a long time ago, but I can't find the original post, so have this 

q: Why did Helen Keller masturbate with one hand?
a: So she could moan with the other.

q: How many ants does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A light bulb weighs about 50g and a single ant can lift about .2g, so it takes somewhere around 250 ants working together.

q: What do you call twin policemen?
a: Copies.

q: what do you call a racist tampon?
a: twatstika.

q: What did the cannibal ask for at the cruiseline buffet?
a: The passenger list.

q: What's the difference between a Women's cross country team and midget geniuses?
a: The midget geniuses are cunning runts.

q: What is the difference between a football player and a new pimp?
a: The football player   

q: How many Police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, they are too busy beating the shit out the room for being black.

q: What do you call a slutty camera?
a: A loose Canon.

q: You know what they say about people with big brains, right?
a: "You have a severe case of meningitis."

q: What's the difference between Obama supporters and Romney supporters?
a: Romney supporters sign their checks on the front. Obama supporters sign their checks on the back.

q: What do you get when you give a head of lettuce to an epileptic?
a: A seizure salad.

q: What sport are Mexicans best at?
a: Cross country.

q: Did you guys hear about the gay truckers?
a: They traded loads

q: What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game?
a: Pick Six

q: What do you call a large bread disco?
a: Abundance.

q: Why isn't energy made of atoms?
a: It doesn't matter (go ahead and down vote :P)

q: How do you get your wife to listen to every word without interrupting?
a: Talk in your sleep.

q: What do you call a cow's mate?
a: Its significant  .

q: What's Brown and rhymes with "snoop"?
a: Dr Dre.......

q: Why do southern girls get pregnant so much more than northern girls?
a: Because it takes them so much longer to say "Kaaa-WIT!"

q: What does a Seal drink at a bar?
a: Anything but Canadian Club..

q: What do you call a blonde on a college campus?
a: A visitor

q: How do you know when sex with a blonde is over?
a: The car light comes on

q: How do you make a cat sound like a dog?
a: How do you make a cat sound like a dog?  Pour gasoline on it and set it on fire : WOOF! How do you make a dog sound like a cat? Freeze it and put it thru a table saw: meeeeooooow

q: What's the second fastest thing in the world?
a: What's   fastest thing in the world?

q: How does Romney only claim a 14% tax rate?
a: He claims 47% of the U.S. as dependents. 

q: How do you know if a guy has an asian wife?
a: He'll tell you. 

q: George, are you high?
a: No mom. The smell is incense, my eyes are red from browsing reddit for hours, and I'm just keeping that unicorn here until Tim comes back from Florida.

q: What do you call a cow that plays with itself?
a: Beef Stroganoff

q: Did you guys hear that the hadron accelerator exploded?
a: It was mass murder. 

q: Have you guys heard the story about the butter?
a: You know what, never mind.  I don't want to spread it around.

q: What is the president's favorite vegetable?
a: BARACK-oli. Courtesy of my friend Abraham.

q: Have you guys heard about the new restaurant on the moon?
a: Early critics say the food is good, but there's no atmosphere.

q: Why did Princess Dianna cross the road?
a: She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.

q: What came first?
a: A chicken and an egg are lying in bed. The chicken is leaning against the headboard smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face. The egg, looking a bit ticked off, grabs the sheet, rolls over and says ... "Well, I guess we finally answered THAT question!"

q: What do you get when you breed a rabbit with an elephant?
a: A dead rabbit with a beat-up asshole.

q: What does a dog do that you step in?
a: Pants. 

q: What do you call a leper in a hot tub?
a: Stew!

q: How do you figure out if Will Smith committed a crime?
a: Dust for Fresh Prints! (i this version better than any snowstorm b.s.)

q: How do you tell a real Ferrari from a fake one?
a: You take a pocketknife and scrape off some of the paint on the hood. If it's a real Ferrari... someone will kick your ass.

q: Whats the best thing you get out of a penis?
a: The wrinkles.

q: What's Resurrection?
a: There was a man teaching the children's Sunday school class, and his lesson was on resurrection. The man asks the kids if they know what the word resurrection means. After a long silence a little boy in the back of the room raises his hand and says "Well I don't know what it is but I know that if it lasts more than 4 hours, you have to go see a doctor."

q: What did the music thief do in college?
a: Take notes.

q: why does everyone want the new white iphone?
a: don't they know the black one runs faster?

q: Best joke you came up with yourself?
a: A lot of people think that Saudi Arabians are uninformed. What do you expect? They live under Iraq (a rock).

q: What do Super Mario Brothers, and relationships have in common?
a: Sometimes you have to slay a few dragons before you get to the princess

q: How many NYPD officers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None. They just beat the room for being black.

q: Why are gay guys the first to check out of a hotel in the morning?
a: Because they had their shit packed the night before

q: What is Aladdin's favorite Pokemon?
a: Magikarp. So he can take Jasmine to a Magikarpet Ride.

q: What do you call a blonde standing on her hands?
a: A brunette with bad breath.

q: Where did the Gingerbread man lose his leg?
a: He lost it back in the 'Nom War

q: What's the difference between a pussy and a cunt?
a: A pussy makes your cock feel nice and makes you cum, a cunt is who owns the pussy.

q: What's the worlds strongest animal?
a: A 'buff'alo

q: what do elephants use as a tampons?
a: Sheep.

q: What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow?
a: Spoiled milk.

q: Why can't two Asians make their own Caucasian babes?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white!

q: What kind of shoes do they wear in Holland?
a: Wooden shoe like me to tell you. [Props to my 8-year-old daughter for this one]

q: Hey, are you Jewish?
a: Cause you Israeli hot. My go-to joke at parties. 

q: Did you know that there is an elephant at Bush Gardens?
a: That's what I call my crotch.

q: what do you call gay paramedics?
a: First-AIDS

q: You know what's grosser than gross?
a: Running through a field of dead babies and getting your toe stuck in an eye socket.

q: Why did OJ Simpson want to move to Alabama?
a: Everyone has the same DNA.

q: Why did the mouse whisper into the elephant's ear?
a: The giraffe put him up to it.

q: Why do businesses move to India?
a: Because they worship prophets!

q: How do you make apple jelly?
a: google maps.

q: Why was no at the Premature Ejaculaters' support group when I arrived?
a: I came early.

q: What's the best way to milk a sheep?
a: Ask Apple.

q: What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes?
a: Xu wong

q: What's the difference between Jam and Jelly?
a: I can't jelly a dick in your ass

q: Which medical specialty is dedicated to fingering your bum?
a: Anusteaseology.

q: What's a vampire bat's favorite fruit?
a: A Nectarine! What's a vampire bat's favorite dog breed? The blood hound! 

q: What does one strawberry say to the other?
a: "Well, if you hadn't been so fresh last night, we wouldn't have ended up in this jam!"

q: What happened to the butterfly that ate too much marble?
a: He shaterpillar.

q: So why is it called the "funny bone"?
a: BECASE IT'S ATTACHED TO YOUR HUMERUS

q: what did the fish say when he ran into the wall?
a: Damn

q: What did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat?
a: I don't know, let me go check my Facebook feed.

q: How do you fit three gay guys on a bar stool?
a: Turn it over.

q: What color were Hitler's shits?
a: Eva Brown!

q: (Very blue/dirty) What's the difference between regular blood and period blood?
a: You can't eat normal blood with a fork. 

q: What kind of pennies come from Japan?
a: Jap-pennies

q: What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer?
a: ...mainly SMALL ARMS.

q: What's black and married to my daughter?
a: Nothing because I'm a good parent.

q: How do you circumcise a priest?
a: Kick a little kid in the jaw.

q: Why do black people have red eyes after sexual intercourse?
a: Because of the pepper spray.

q: So, its blasphemy you want? Why was 6 afraid of 7?
a: Because 7 is a sand-nigger. 

q: What do you get when you mix a Jehovah's Witness with an Atheist?
a: Someone who shows up to your door for no reason. 

q: Why did Jesus die on the cross?
a: He forgot the safe word. 

q: Did you hear about the Muslim Party?
a: It was a blast

q: Did you hear about the Irish man who tried to blow up a bus?
a: He burnt his lips on the exhaust pipe.

q: What do you call two Filipino pilots?
a: A pair of pliers

q: Joke: Where did AT&T get their 2007 slogan?
a: Ireland: More bars in more places

q: What did the baby corn say?
a: what did the baby corn say to momma corn?  where is popcorn.

q: Why did the Pollock cross the road?
a: Because his dick was in the chicken.

q: What does a news anchor say during sex?
a: this just in

q: What is the most common death among square dancers?
a: Over Do-se-do.

q: Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color?
a: He had  .

q: What do you call the process of becoming an honorary Asian?
a: Orientation.

q: Why is light beer like having sex in a canoe?
a: They're both fucking close to water.

q: Why doesn't Mexico have a team in the summer Olympics?
a: Because all the ones who can run, jump or swim are ready in the US. 

q: What thought can you easily share with someone else without using words?
a: That you   to fart.

q: What song do they play at a Jehovah's witness funeral?
a: Knock, knock, knockin on Heavens door

q: Why Does Jesus suck at hockey?
a: He's always getting nailed to the boards.

q: What do you call an Asian lady with a Mixmaster on her head?
a: Brenda

q: Have you guys heard about the new internet milk?
a: It's for cereal.

q: Have you heard that Eskimos eat whale meat and blubber?
a: Well, you'd blubber too if you had to eat whale meat.

q: Where do you find a no-legged dog?
a: Right where you left it. 

q: What martial art do cows practice?
a: Moo-thai. 

q: Did you year about the chinese male prostitute?
a: He'll give you a Bro-Job.

q: What do you call a Chinese man with one foot?
a: Taiwon Shou.

q: What do you call a dog with no legs in the ocean?
a: Bob Barker

q: What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file?
a: C4

q: What do you call a gay Mexican?
a: a spigot.

q: Why was the sand wet?
a: Because the seaweed.

q: Why do all the little boys in Crete have golden penis's?
a: Because thats the only place that King Mino's touches them!

q: Why is it bad for blind people to skydive?
a: It scares the hell out of the dog

q: How do you know if someone went to Harvard?
a: They tell you.

q: What's the difference in the KKK and the Supreme Court?
a: The KKK dresses in white and scares the hell out of black people, the Supreme Court dresses in black and scares the hell out of white people.

q: How does an Irishman's future look like?
a: Very blight.

q: Did you hear about the plane that crashed on the way to the ginger convention?
a: Thankfully there were no souls on board.

q: How many hamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just two.

q: What has four legs and two assholes?
a: A police horse.

q: Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver??
a: She was a woman

q: Did you hear about the Indian who drank 4 gallons of tea?
a: They found him dead the next day in his tea pee.

q: I have a dollar bill pressed between my chin and my chest.....who am i?
a: Christopher Reeve at a strip club.

q: why do the ladies love jesus?
a:   because he was hung like this

q: Why are divorces so damn expensive?
a: Because they are fucking worth it!

q: How did the 5-year old girl fall off of the tire swing?
a: Somebody shot her.

q: Why did little Sally fall off the swing?
a: She had no arms. Knock knock Who's there?  Obviously not Sally 

q: What's the main cause for pedophilia?
a: sexy children

q: Euphemism?
a: I 'ardly know 'im!

q: where did alice go during the explosion?
a: everywhere

q: What is the best gift to give a gay geneticist?
a: designer genes

q: What language does gay Jesus speak?
a: Heblew

q: What's the easiest way to pay a musician?
a: Open the door, hand him the cash and take the pizza

q: What do you call innocent women and children dying in the middle east?
a: Freedom

q: Did ye hear about the movie that the pirate went to see?
a: 'Twas rated Argggghhhhh!!!!

q: What did the kid with no arms and legs get for christmas?
a: ...Nothing, because he was jewish.

q: Why is sperm white?
a: Because it can swim 

q: Why are Australians never late for work?
a: Their snooze button only lasts 6 minutes.

q: How many downies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Potatoe 

q: Did you hear about the rivalry between the ice cream shops in Texas and Mexico?
a: It was the Battle of the A'la Mode.

q: what's the difference between a pitbull and a jewish broad?
a: a pitbull will eventually let it go

q: Why did the condom cross the road?
a: Because he was pissed off.

q: What do you call a fish with two knees?
a: A two-knee fish! (works better when you're drunk)

q: What's the best thing about a poet in a prison?
a: Oh you know, it has its prose and cons. Badum Tish. Be gentle, first time here.

q: how does every racist joke start?
a: with a look over your shoulder.

q: What's worse than finding a worm in your apple..?
a: Cancer.

q: What is a wock?
a: Something you throw a wabbits.

q: What is the summit of trust?
a: Receiving a blowjob from a cannibal

q: TOO LATE?
a: KNOCK, KNOCK  WHO'S THERE? 9/11. 9/11 WHO? WHAT? I THOUGHT WE NEVER FORGOT

q: What did the wind turbine say to Al Gore?
a: I'm a big fan.

q: what did the egg say to the boiling water?
a: i dont know how long its going to take me to get hard i just got laid by a chick

q: What do michael jackson and Mcdonald's have in common?
a: they both put thirty year old meat in five year old buns

q: Free RV?
a: My local diner was having a promotion where you peeled a sticker off of your drink and got whatever was on the other side. As I sat down to my breakfast I saw this girl stand up yelling "I won a RV" The manager came over and said that that wasn't possible and that the biggest prize available was a cheeseburger. The girl then says "it says right here 'winnebago' the RV company"When the manager looked at the sticker he said "Miss, it doesn't say 'Winnebago' it says 'win a BAGEL'

q: What does having sex with a hooker and bungee jumping have in common?
a: If the rubber brakes, you're screwed.

q: Why don't sea-gulls fly over bays?
a: Because then they would be bay-gulls.

q: How about some old phone pranks?
a: When I was a kid we used to call people in the phone book with funny names. One unfortunate person was named Lipschitz.  We'd call and ask, "Is this Lipschitz?"  When he/she said "Yes," we would reply, "Well, if your lip shits, my ass whistles!" Any other good ones from days of the past?

q: Did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped police custody?
a: Be on the lookout for a small medium at large.

q: What do you call a lesbian with 1,000 semi-automatic guns?
a: Militia Etheridge.

q: What happens if you play a country song backward?
a: You get your house back, your dog back, your wife back, and you sober up.

q: What kind of tea does a house drink?
a: Propertea

q: What is the difference between homeless and vodka?
a: Vodka does not freeze

q: How many monastic women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None... they live an ascetic lifestyle and prefer to not use electricity.

q: how many apples does it take to make a pie?
a: 3.14159265358979323846.....

q: What's the worlds most forceful fig?
a: The Fig Newton.

q: What does the highest paid WNBA player make?
a: Sandwiches. 

q: What's the fastest game in the world?
a: Pass the Parcel in a Belfast Pub.

q: Q: How do you get an elephant in the refrigerator?
a: Q: How do you get a giraffe in the refrigerator? Q: The King of the animals holds a big meeting and all of the animals are there except one, who's not there? Q: Three adventurers come to a crocodile invested river that they must cross, how do they get across? A: They swim. All the crocodiles are at the meeting.

q: What's the best way to make your wife scream when you're having sex?
a: Call her up and tell her where you are.

q: What did Jeffrey Dahmer sing as he went to the refrigerator?
a: My Bologna had a first name.

q: How can you tell when you're in a ring of fire?
a: When you reach for the Preparation H and accidentally grab the Ben-Gay

q: What do you call two lesbians floating down a river in a canoe?
a: Fur traders.

q: What's mostly red and has 2 legs?
a: Half of a cat.

q: What does a Polish woman and a hockey team have in common?
a: They both change their pads after three periods. 

q: Why did the Mexican school girl get pregnant?
a: Here teacher said to go home and do her "essay".

q: When is it acceptable to not tip your server?
a: when your a system admin, and your server if tipped could destroy many websites.

q: Why couldn't the blind man go skydiving?
a: It would of scared the shit out of the dog.

q: Anyone know how long you can keep a chicken in the freezer?
a: Because I put one in last night and it was dead this morning.

q: why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
a: to get to the bottom!

q: What did the mathematician do at the baseball game?
a: 4 the home team

q: Have you heard about the Tempura Shelter they are opening downtown?
a: It's a center for lightly battered women.

q: Why do scuba-divers go in backwards?
a: Because if they went forward they'd fall in the boat.

q: Did you hear the one about the gay man on the patch?
a: Word is he's down to about four butts a day.

q: What does FUN stand for?
a: Some nights, I don't know.

q: What is the similarity between tornadoes and divorces in Kentucky?
a: ... either way, someone is losing a trailer.

q: What do 9 out of 10 people agree on?
a: A gangbang

q: What did the hobo get for Christmas?
a: Nothing.

q: What do you call a cow with one udder?
a: A bull.

q: What did the body builder say when he saw he was out of protein powder?
a: No whey!

q: How do u tell the population of a small native village?
a: throw a bunch of pocket change in the middle of town. How do u tell who is the richest person in that village? Find the person who gathered the most change.

q: Who was Bin Laden's favorite rapper?
a: TWOOO PLANES!!

q: What did the field say to the farmer with no crops?
a: Stop fallowing me!

q: Whats blue and doesn't weigh much?
a: Light Blue. 

q: Laughter is the Best Medicine. OK Reddit, whats the best 9/11 Joke You've Ever Heard?
a: Q: How Many New Yorkers Does it Take to Screw in a Light Blub? A: None - they all jump out of the building when it gets too hot Not the best, I admit. But yeah - top that.

q: Where can you find a scientist that's into bestiality?
a: In his lab!

q: Did you hear about the polar bear on the news last night?
a: That one broke the ice. Reddit I come to you with a request - Do you have any good ice breaker jokes? Better than the one I just used? This is because I have used that one for almost 3 years now and it might be wearing thin on it's life of being funny. The only other one I have heard is (From reddit today - not twelve hours ago): Do you know how many Hydrogen bonds I can disrupt?  Enough to break the ice.

q: What does a hairstylist call their resum?
a: A tresum.

q: How can you tell you're at a gay cookout?
a: The hotdogs smell like shit. 

q: Why didn't the bunny get the job as a marsupial?
a: He wasn't koalafied!

q: Why can't the blonde get her drivers license?
a: Everytime the car stops, she wants to jump in the backseat.

q: why did the ghost crash his ghost car?
a: because he was full of BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS!

q: A Tiger ?
a: What do you do ? When you cum across a tiger? Zip up and run like hell!

q: What did the poor ghetto dweller get for Christmas?
a: Your bicycle.

q: What do you get when you cross a mexican, a queer, and an eskimo?
a: A snow-blower that doesn't work.

q: What do you call it when you build a second portal on minecraft?
a: Anether(another) Nether

q: Does anyone know any jokes about buttons?
a: Topic.

q: Why doesn't Sean Connery have any grown up children?
a: He prefers them shaken, not stirred.

q: What did the letter " O " say to the letter " Q " ?
a: Dudddeee.....your dicks out!

q: In honor of September 19th, what are your best pirate jokes?
a: September 19th is international talk like a pirate day, and I would love to hear all of your guys best pirate jokes. Here is mine: Why do pirates have trouble learning the alphabet? Because they spend years at Sea!

q: Why should a midget not attempt to slaughter a cow?
a: The steaks are just too high.

q: Why do married men love golf so much?
a: Because it's not the same three holes over and over again. 

q: Why did the robot get the electric chair?
a: Because he was charged with battery.

q: What's the difference between a BMW and a pair of Dockers?
a: You can only fit one asshole in a pair of Dockers.

q: Why do they allow people in wheelchairs to bring carry-ons onto a plane?
a: Aren't they themselves a carry-on?

q: What is the difference between a Mercedes and a Lexus?
a: Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Lexus...

q: What do the Iron Man suit and Sarah Palin have in common?
a: They've both had a downy inside em.

q: Have you heard the joke about the girl with Progeria?
a: It got old pretty fast. (I know, it's awful).

q: What's the difference between iron-man and iron woman?
a: one is a superhero and the other is a command.

q: What did little Hitler get for his birthday?
a: His Third Treich.

q: Anyone have any Russian and/or Joesph Stalin jokes?
a: I need some jokes for class and they don't have to be funny. Thanks and make sure they are about Russia or Stalin. Edit: Thanks for all the jokes! I'll use some of them for sure.

q: Did you hear about the butterfly that ate too many stones?
a: ... he shat-a-pillar.

q: Did you hear the one about the pilot who backed into the propeller?
a: Wrecked'em. Damn near killed him.

q: Why is Robert Pattison so pale?
a: There's no sunlight in the closet.

q: How long does it take a tweaker to go shopping?
a: An hour 5 minutes for the Ramen noodles and foil. 55 minutes to fix the squeaky shopping cart wheel.

q: How could I ever live without you?
a: An old woman was sipping on a glass of wine, while sitting on the patio with her husband, and she says. "I love you so much, I don't know how I could ever live without you" Her husband asks, "Is that you or the wine talking?" ... She replies, "It's me... talking to the wine."

q: How many crackheads does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one more.

q: Whats the best thing about being a meth addict?
a: Only two more sleeps until christmas.

q: How do you know if there's an athiest on a reddit thread?
a: Don't worry, they'll let you know.

q: Which way do 5 gay guys move?
a: In One Direction. 

q: How many cops does it take to beat up a light bulb?
a: None. That light bulb fell down the stairs.

q: What do you call a female cop that shaves her vag?
a: A Cunt stubble

q: Why is it so cheap to buy 12 rhombuses?
a: Because they're a diamond dozen

q: Did you hear about the community pool they built in the bronx?
a: There were no survivors.

q: Did you guys hear about the award winning farmer?
a: Apparently he was outstanding in his field. [modified repost]

q: Why did the marine park worker feel aimless?
a: Because they lacked porpoises.

q: What do you call a pig that murders baseball players?
a: Babe Ruthless

q: You know who loves to get fisted?
a: Sock puppets... -credit to Daniel Tosh

q: Did you guys hear about the gay midget?
a: Yeah, he just came out of the cupboard.

q: Did you hear about the war between the blondes and the brunettes?
a: The blondes were throwing hand grenades, and the brunettes were pulling the pins and throwing them back.

q: What do Dracula's girlfriend and Mike Tyson have in common?
a: They both go down for the count!!

q: Why Make Your Bed?
a: MOM: Make your bed!  KID: Why make my bed if I'm gonna sleep in it again tonight?  MOM: Why wipe your ass if your gonna poop again?  KID: O_O

q: What do you call a half gay man?
a: A semicolon. 

q: Guys, what are your favorite "I'm going to hell for this" jokes?
a: Here's mine:  What do you call a dead Mexican?  Dearly deported.

q: What's the difference between Futurama and One Direction?
a: There's only one Bender in Futurama

q: What's the most positive thing about Harlem?
a: HIV

q: How do al-Qaeda like their toast?
a: Bean-laden

q: Why do the Scots wear kilts?
a: Because a sheep can hear a zipper from a mile away.

q: What do you call 1 black guy being stalked by 200 white guys?
a: PGA Tour.

q: What's the core body temperature of a Tauntaun?
a: Luke Warm

q: Since we're talking about Michael Jackson--- What did the guy say to MJ at the beach?
a: Get out of my son.

q: What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat?
a: They got pissed off. 

q: did you hear what the little boy found when he opened his toy box?
a: Raggedy Ann setting on Pinocchio's face screaming,"Lie to me, lie to me."

q: Is it true there is an 'underground' organization supporting Mitt Romney?
a: Called "Sub-Mitt"?  

q: Why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb?
a: Many hands make light work. 

q: How can you tell the Indians were here in America first?
a: They had reservations.

q: What did one tampon say to another tampon?
a: Nothing, They were both stuck-up bitches.

q: When does a Cub Scout become a Boy Scout?
a: When he eats his first Brownie.?

q: Why is CoD like women?
a: Search and Destroy.

q: What do you get if you cross a kangaroo and an elephant?
a: Big holes all over Australia!

q: What's another name for a Dentists?
a: A filling station!

q: What is the speed limit of sex?
a: 68, because any faster and you'll flip over and eat it.

q: my moms birth sign is cancer the crab..want to know how she passed?
a: she got ripped in half by a giant crab.. 

q: What to do?
a: What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down, and use more lube.

q: What helps put a Jew to sleep?
a: gas

q: What do cops and mushrooms have in common?
a: You feed 'em shit and keep 'em in the dark.

q: What is the main attraction at a Nazi Theme park?
a: Genoslide.

q: What's the first thing a 16 yr old, from Arkansas, says after sex?
a: Get off me Pa you're crushing my Copenhagen!

q: How do you know you're getting old?
a: When you exit a museum, you trigger the alarm.

q: Why don't blondes wear mini skirts in San Francisco?
a: Their balls will show.

q: How do you remember your wife's birthday?
a: forget it once.

q: How do you tell the difference between a terrorist and a tenured professor?
a: You can negotiate with a terrorist. 

q: What's the difference between PMS and a terrorist?
a: You can negotiate with the terrorist. 

q: Heard this on NPR- Did you hear about the guy who got the left side of his body cut off?
a: He's all right though.

q: What do you get when you cross a duck and a cat?
a: A Chinese restaurant's newest entree! 

q: What do you call a Nazi who survived the war?
a: A veterinarian

q: What's a Christian's favourite chord progression?
a: G,Esus.

q: What do you say to a woman with one black eye?
a: Nothing, you've already told her.

q: Have you heard about the new viagra eye drops?
a: It makes you look hard

q: What are some jokes along the lines of "the elevator business has its ups and downs"?
a: Any other stereotypical job/industry comments/jokes would also be greatly appreciated (even though they're groan-inducing). Thanks (in advance)!

q: What's the difference between a computer and a woman?
a: A computer only has to have information punched into it once.

q: What do you call a greedy lesbian?
a: Bush hog.

q: What do you call a black guy that flies a plane?
a: A pilot, you f'n racist!!

q: What is the difference between an anal thermometer and an oral thermometer?
a: The taste!

q: Why are brides so happy on their wedding days?
a: No more blowjobs.

q: What's the difference between a bowling ball and a big, smelly vagina?
a: If you absolutely had to, you could eat the bowling ball.

q: What does a Jewish Princess think about during sex?
a: What color to paint the ceiling.

q: What do a dog and a near-sighted gynecologist have in common?
a: They both have wet noses.

q: Whats invisible and smells like carrots?
a: bunny farts

q: How many Swedes does it take to clean a men's bathroom?
a: None because they pee sitting down.

q: What do you call a Mexican who has his Mondeo stolen?
a: Carlos

q: How does Lady Gaga like her meat?
a: raw raw raw raw raw

q: What's 13 inches long, stiff, and makes a woman scream all night long?
a: Crib-death

q: How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt.

q: What do you call an Irish J-Pop singer?
a: Rady O'Gaga

q: what do you call an italian whore?
a: a pastatute lol

q: What do sea monsters like to eat?
a: Fish and ships

q: What's the bet part about having sex with twenty two year olds?
a: There's twenty of them!

q: How many grammar mistakes does it take to piss off your English teacher?
a: not alot. (Just thought of it, tell me what you think :) )

q: What do Lewinsky, Monroe, and Reddit have in common?
a: They all went down on a President. 

q: What do American beer and sex on a boat have in common?
a: Both are fucking close to water.

q: What did the hipster say when a starbucks opened in his neighborhood?
a: "You can't gentrify this place! I just moved here!"

q: How many lead guitarists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: 100; 1 to do it, and 99 to say "I could do that."

q: Why did Berlusconi go to the Costa Concordia?
a: To see the Gash

q: Whats the difference between a wank and an egg?
a: You can beat an egg.

q: What do blacks and bikes have in common?
a: They both stop working when you take their chains off. Edit: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought this was America. By the way, got this from AskReddit.

q: What Does A Redneck Call It When He Visits His Cousin Outside His Town?
a: Entering the friend zone.

q: What do you call two gay guys in a sleeping bag?
a: A fruit roll-up

q: What did one stoplight say to the other stoplight?
a: Don't look! I'm changing!

q: Why do elephants paint their balls red?
a: So they can hide in apple trees.  What's the loudest noise in the jungle? A giraffe eating apples. 

q: What does the Chicago Cubs's name stand for?
a: Completely Useless By September

q: What is brown and sits in a toilet in a dutch attic?
a: The diarrhea of Anne Frank.

q: Why does Reddit hate Fencing?
a: Ripostes

q: What do a tampon and a redsox season ticket holder have in common?
a: Both have a great place to go but at a terrible time.

q: You know what my favorite type of cupholder is?
a: A bra.

q: what did one tampon say to the other?
a: nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.

q: Whats the difference between Mick Jagger and a Scottish farmer?
a: Mick Jagger sings eh you, get offa mai cloud, but the Scottish farmer says eh McLeod, get offa mai ewe!

q: What do you call a battle of wordplay?
a: Pun-fu fighting

q: What do you call a woman in the living room?
a: A tourist.

q: Did you hear about the guitarist that got arrested?
a: He was fingering A minor.

q: Did you hear about the gay Irish couple?
a: Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald

q: Why should honeymoons only last six days?
a: Because seven days makes a hole weak.

q: What's the difference between my job and a dead hooker?
a: My job still sucks

q: Why are Rhinoceroses so wrinkly?
a: Because they're hard to iron.

q: why does it take so long for a pirate to learn the alphabet?
a: the could spend years at sea

q: What's harder than nailing a baby to a tree?
a: My cock while doing it.

q: Why are the mountains in Switzerland called "the Alps"?
a: Because when people fall off of 'em, they yell AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLPPPP!!!!!!!!

q: why did the pervert cross the road?
a: because his dick was stuck in the chicken

q: What did the Mexican say with one sleeve rolled up and one sleeve not?
a: Not even, homes

q: What did the lesbian vampire say to her girlfriend?
a: See you next month!

q: What did the retarded kid get on his IQ test?
a: Drool

q: Why shouldn't you laugh when a black man falls off his bike?
a: It could be   your bike. EDIT: Spelling.

q: What type of lettuce do they serve on the titanic?
a: Iceberg :D

q: What happens when the President dies?
a: The Vice President takes over. What happens when the Vice President dies? The Speaker of the House takes over. What happens when the Speaker of the House dies? You go to Radio Shack and buy a new speaker.

q: What did the detective say when he tripped over a pretzel left by the perp?
a: Well, that was an unexpected twist!

q: What's the most annoying thing in the internet?
a: People who comment "repost" on a Joke subreddit.

q: What did the food say to the other food, while inside a stomach?
a: I won't digest yet.

q: Why are women dressed white on their wedding day?
a: because all good kitchen appliances come in white.

q: Why did Skrillex's girlfriend dump him?
a: Because he D-D-D-D-DROPPED THE BABY.

q: How can you tell if a Redditor is a female?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: What do you call a warm glass of piss in the forest?
a: A Bear trap.

q: What do you call a rabbit with a bent dick?
a: Fucks funny

q: Three tampons walk into a bar, a kotex, a playtex, and a tampax. Which one says hello first?
a: None, they're all stuck up bitches.

q: Did you hear about the butcher who backed up into a meat grinder?
a: Apparently he got a little behind in his orders.

q: What is the most popular breakfast at the World Trade Center?
a: A plane bagel.

q: Why does the Catholic Church protect paedophiles?
a: Because the last time they shunned a child molester, he started Islam.

q: How can transportation be improved in Harlem??
a: By moving the trees closer together.

q: Why did the man get excited when he had sex with a pregnant woman?
a: He could tell all his friends he had a threesome!

q: What did the Seven Dwarfs say when the prince woke up Snow White?
a: Welp.... I guess it's back to jerking off!

q: What did Dodi Fayed say to his driver?
a: Want to go out with me and Di tonight?

q: What do you call Nazis undergoing decomposition?
a: Necrotizing Fascists.

q: Did you hear about the guy who spilled beer on the stove?
a: ... He had foam on the range.

q: What does Batman's mum shout when it's time for dinner?
a: Nothing.  She's dead.

q: What did the necktie say to the hat?
a: You go on ahead, I'll just hang around.

q: You know that amazing feeling you get after kissing a woman?
a: of course you don't.

q: When do you stop on green and go on red?
a: When you are eating watermelon .

q: Why don't Junior League debutantes like group sex?
a: Too many Thank You notes to write.

q: Son :How much does it cost to get married, Dad?
a: Son :How much does it cost to get married, Dad?            Father:I don't know, son, I'm still paying for it.           Son :Is it true, Dad, that I heard that in ancient China, a man        doesn't know his wife until he marries?           Father:That happens everywhere, son, EVERYWHERE.

q: Who is the biggest slut in America?
a: Little Debbie, everybody eats her.

q: What do you call oral sex with a paraplegic girl?
a: Meals on wheels.

q: how can you tell you whenyou're in a ring of fire?
a: When you reach for the Preparation H but accidentally grabbed a BenGay.

q: What is a horse's favourite wine?
a: Equine.

q: Why can't accountants get library cards?
a: They're book-keepers.

q: How do you make a whore moan?
a: You don't pay her.

q: What's the difference between the bird flu and the the swine flu?
a: For bird flu you need tweetment, for swine flu you need oinkment.

q: Did you hear about the slow chef at the speed bake off?
a: He would have won if he had just a little more thyme.

q: What's the difference between Justin Bieber and a birth certificate?
a: A birth certificate states the sex.

q: What do you call 40 mexicans standing in your yard holding hands?
a: Spicket fence.

q: What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an atheist, an insomniac?
a: A person that lays awake late at night and ponders if there's such a thing as a dog.

q: Why was the Jedi so good at the synthesizer?
a: He had a high MIDI-chlorian count. Test.

q: what's the worst part about eating vegetables?
a: Putting them back in the wheelchair when you're done.

q: Why did the broken window not go to the doctor?
a: He had no more pane

q: Whats grosser then gross?
a: Shoving 12 oysters up your grandmothers vagina and sucking out 13.

q: What did the blind man say when he passed the fish market?
a: 'Hi girls!'

q: Why did the baker go to work?
a: He kneaded the dough!

q: What's a 68 to a blonde?
a: She goes down on you and you owe her one

q: What type of bees produce milk?
a: Boo-bees! 

q: Four gay men walk into a bar and there's only one available stool. What do they do?
a: Flip the stool over. 

q: Anyone else hear the new Whitney Houston song they just released?
a: No? Well it's very underground right now.

q: What is the fastest way to exit a car on the highway?
a: Through the windshield

q: Did you hear about the gay football coach?
a: He turns tight ends into wide receivers 

q: How do you say "bra" in german?
a: CUZITHODZITFOMFOPIN.

q: where does a one legged waitress work?
a: I-HOP

q: What do you call the girls who outrun me?
a: Virgins.

q: What's the difference between Stanley Yelnats and the rest of the kids in Holes?
a: He was just a nerdy digger.

q: How did Pinocchio realize he was made of wood?
a: His hand caught on fire.

q: What did the gay deer say after leaving the club?
a: I can't believe I blew ten bucks in there. 

q: What's meaner than a pitbull with herpes?
a: The guy who gave it to the pitbull.

q: What do you call a cow that gives no milk?
a: An udder failure.

q: how many Frenchmen does it take to properly defend Frances borders?
a: No idea, No ones ever tried.

q: What did the chinese pirate say?
a: Awwlllll!

q: what do you do with someone that is having a seizure in a bathtub?
a: Throw in a load of laundry.

q: Did you hear about the blind guy who got in a car accident?
a: He regained his sight in ICU.

q: First man: what is the most commonly used French expression?
a: Second man:  uhh... I give up

q: What do you call an epileptic cow?
a: Beef jerky.

q: How do you make an archaeologist mad?
a: Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.

q: What can you make and break at the same time?
a: A racket.

q: How many dubstep fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Wuh-wuh-wuh-one.

q: How can you lose around 10 pounds of ugly fat?
a: Cut off your head.

q: Why did the Mexican man push his wife off the cliff?
a: Tequila.

q: Why do blind people not skydive?
a: Scares the living shit outa their dogs!

q: What to you call epileptic lettuce?
a: Seizure salad.

q: What does Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt Sr. have in common?
a: Both their last greatest hits was the wall.

q: What was the pig doing in the kitchen?
a: Bacon! Get it?

q: Whats a Porn Stars Favorite Drink?
a: 7up in cider.

q: Why aren't there any mexicans in the Olympics?
a: Cuz all that can run, jump or swim have got their ass over here.

q: (OC) what did dispatch say to the dog catcher when he asked if he was done for the day?
a: You're golden retriever. 

q: What did 1 lesbian bullfrog say to the other lesbian bullfrog?
a: They're right we do taste like chicken!

q: What goes "Clippity Clop Bang Bang, Clippity Clop Bang Bang"?
a: An Amish drive by shooting

q: what does cellphone reception and princess diana have in common?
a: They both die in tunnels

q: What does a radical, democrat and republican have in common?
a: They both want to make money off of other people's work!

q: Who makes more money - a drug dealer or a prostitute?
a: The prostitute- she can wash her crack and resell it.

q: What's the difference between anal sex and an oven?
a: The oven doesn't fart when you take the meat out. 

q: How does a boy dog rape a girl dog?
a: with WOOFilin

q: What's the difference between a sin and a shame?
a: It's a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to take it out.

q: What does a 80 yr old woman taste like?
a: Depends.

q: How many people does it take to circumcise a Whale?
a: Four Skindivers.

q: What did Orion receive when he won second place in the archery contest?
a: The constellation prize.

q: Why does Bane and a monk get along well in the morning?
a: Because the friar rises!

q: How many rednecks does it take to eat a possum?
a: Two. One to eat it, another to look out for traffic!

q: what was Stevie Wonders first words when he got his eyesight back?
a: Who the hells been dressing me all these years?

q: Why wouldn't you teach a woman how to ski?
a: Because there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom..

q: What's the difference between Boy Scouts and Jews?
a: Boy Scouts come back from their camps.

q: How does it change many dyslexics to take a lightbulb?
a: well many how???

q: How many feminists does it take to screw in lightbulb?
a: It doesn't matter how many you get, because all they'll do is sit around complaining about how misogynistic the use of the word "screw" is.

q: What do you call a Mexican guy with one rubber toe?
a: Roberto

q: Did you hear the joke about the deaf guy?
a: He didn't either.

q: What do mermaids wear to math class?
a: An algae-bra!

q: What do you call a gaping hole in your chest that smells like fish?
a: VAGINA PECTORIS!

q: So did you guys hear that princess Diana was on the radio last week?
a: ...and the dashboard, the windshield, and the hood of the car too

q: r/Jokes Do you know any jokes told in the first person?
a: I always enjoy a good joke told as if it actually happened to the person telling it. Know any good ones?

q: What's the best part about fucking 28 year olds?
a: There's 20 of em'

q: What happens once a minute, twice a moment, but never in an eternity?
a: The letter M

q: Q: What's the good part about having alzheimer's?
a: You can hide your own easter eggs.

q: Blind jokes?
a: didn't see that coming..

q: What do the pizza delivery guy and the gynecologist have in common?
a: They both can smell it, but can't eat it.

q: what do you call a jamaican proctologist?
a: POKE-MON!

q: Why do mermaids wear seashells for bras?
a: Because a and b shells are too small.

q: How did Jennifer Aniston find her fiancee?
a: She looked very Theroux-ly.

q: A young boy asks his Dad :"What is the difference between confident and confidential?
a: Dad says: "You are my son, I'm confident about that. Your friend over there, is also my son, THAT is confidential. 

q: What's the difference between a microwave and butt fucking?
a: A microwave doesn't brown your meat.

q: Why don't you hire a violinist as your babysitter?
a: Because he might fiddle with your kids.

q: Why do java developers always wear eyeglasses?
a: Because they dont C#

q: Wanna hear a joke about cats?
a: I'm just kitten..

q: What does a farsighted gynecologist have in common with a puppy dog?
a: They both got a wet nose.

q: What do you call a one legged woman?
a: Eileen

q: What do you call a belt made of paper?
a: A waist of paper. 

q: Do you know what they say about guys who have big feet?
a: They say "Do you know what they say about guys who have big feet?"

q: Warning, offensive. Why was Hitler so concerned about getting into heaven?
a: Because there were 6 million jews waiting for him in hell.

q: How do you congratulate the guy who won the best tie contest?
a: You tell him... "that's definitely a win sir".  Or if he did ok you can say you half win sir i suppose.    :/

q: Wanna hear a joke about a broken pencil?
a: Never mind, it's pointless. 

q: What did one muffin say to the other muffin?
a: Nothing, because muffins can't talk..

q: Why do redditors hate the robot NASA sent to Mars?
a: Because Curiosity killed the cat!

q: How do you make a cat woof?
a: soak it in gasoline and light it on fire... WOOF!

q: What should you take for stomach pain?
a: A shit

q: Have you heard about that new movie Constipation?
a: Oh wait - it hasn't come out yet!

q: How does the Apothecary make his wife orgasm?
a: Elixir

q: How do make a car top?
a: 'Tep on the brake 'tupid.

q: What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and vagina?
a: Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.

q: What do you call a nut?
a: What do you call nuts on the wall? Walnuts What do you call nuts on your chest? Chestnuts What do you call nuts on your chin? My dick in your mouth

q: Why do Chicken Coops have two doors?
a: Because if they had four doors, they would be a chicken sedan. 

q: Why don't many Greek men move to other countries?
a: They don't want to leave their brothers behind

q: What do you call a Frenchman shoving a baguette up your butt?
a: A pain in the ass.

q: What class does everyone remember fondly from Highschool?
a: Nostalgebra

q: Why did black people pick so much cotton?
a: Because we told them to.

q: What does a gay women look for in a man?
a: Lesbi-honest, they don't.

q: What is the saddest Olympic sport to watch?
a: Water Polio

q: What is your favorite dumb joke?
a: Mine would have to be Why did sally fall out of the tree? Because she had no arms.  Knock knock.  Who's there? Not sally. 

q: Why don't you transport onions by boat?
a: You don' want your boat to be full of leeks.

q: What do you get when you eat all the potatoes?
a: They're all gone!

q: what do you call a rodent that smokes weed?
a: A Hemp-ster

q: How was copper wire invented???
a: 2 jews fighting over a penny

q: What's the difference between a kitten and your wife?
a: You actually want to cuddle a kitten after you fuck it.

q: Did you hear the one they don't tell retards?
a: NO?  Oh well never mind then.

q: What's the worst part about Tupac's new sitcom?
a: The Holocaust. (pun, hologram deal)

q: Did you hear about the Million Dollar Dutch Lottery?
a: It's great! If you win, you gat a dollar each year... for a million years.

q: What did the hat say to the belt?
a: You hang around I'll go on ahead

q: Whats the easiest way to drown a blonde?
a: Glue a penny to the bottom of a swimming pool ALTERNATE ENDING: Put a scratch n' sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool

q: What does a lonely pepper do?
a: Gets jalapeno business.

q: What kind of skin lotion do acrobats use?
a: Cirque d'Olay

q: What can be found in a Judge's freezer?
a: Just ice.

q: Where would you find an Egyptian psychopathic swimmer?
a: In denial.

q: What did the farmer say when the townspeople told him all of his cows were in town..?
a: I herd. 

q: What do you call a man who is attracted to black guys?
a: A homiesexual!

q: How does a rice burner start a street race?
a: With a pilaf.

q: How many frat guys does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Four. One to change the bulb and three to make a t-shirt about it.

q: What is Green...and Smells Like Pork?
a: What is Green...and Smells Like Pork? Kermit the Frog's Finger!!

q: What did the suspenders say to the trousers?
a: What's up, britches?!

q: Why can't Skrillex go fishing?
a: He always drops the bass.  Teehee 

q: What's the difference between a tease, a love, and a lust?
a: Spit, swallow, gargle.

q: what is green and has wheels?
a: A frog, I lied about the wheels.

q: You hear what happened to the frog's car?
a: It got toad.

q: Ever heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?
a: He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog.

q: Anyone there?
a: Once upon a time there was a female brain cell that by mistake happened to end up in a man's head.  She looked around nervously but it was all empty and quiet. "Hello?" she cried, but no answer. "Is there anyone here?" she cried a little louder, but still no answer. Now the female brain cell started to feel alone and scared and again she yelled: "HELLO, IS THERE ANYONE HERE!!?" Then she heard a voice from far, far away: "Hello! We're down here..."

q: Did you here the one about the midget that finally admitted he was gay?
a: He came out of the cupboard.

q: Why did the guy have Ben Franklin tattooed on his dick?
a: His girlfriend was great at blowing 100 bucks.

q: What's the difference between a violin and a viola?
a: A viola burns longer.

q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbult?
a: To get to the other side.

q: What do you call a dog who digs up ancient artifacts?
a: A Barkeologist.

q: What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex?
a: ...fnf.

q: Hey, have you heard about the new Micheal Bay film?
a: I've heard the lead role goes to explosions. 

q: Why did the paedophilic bestialist not answer his name?
a: Because he was feeling a little horse.

q: Why does the number 288 not come up in polite conversation?
a: Because it's two gross.

q: Why don't Nazi's like strip clubs?
a: Because, they don't like Poles.

q: What denomination are the coins in Super Mario Bros?
a: They're dollar coins, because a quarter is two bits, which means a dollar is 8 bits.

q: What did the deaf Canadian say to the American that was talking?
a: Eh?

q: What is Black, White and Red all over?
a: My English Monologue Draft...

q: Why couldn't the tampon twins get dates?
a: They were both stuck up cunts!

q: What do you call a nun that works for your company?
a: Nun of your business.

q: Why do slovaks don't like Czechs?
a: They prefer cash.

q: What's the biggest advantage of living in Switzerland?
a: Well the flag's a big plus.

q: How is a vagina like a cigarette?
a: The closer you get to the butt the stronger the taste. 

q: What does Jerry Sandusky and a Silver Medalist have in common?
a: They both came in a little behind!

q: How do you sink a polish ship?
a: you put it in the water

q: How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a light-bulb?
a: None. Don't worry about me, I'll just sit here in the dark.

q: What do you call the Flintstones if they're black?
a: Niggers.  

q: How many SEO experts does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn

q: How come ambassadors never get sick?
a: They have diplomatic immunity.

q: Why did the cookie visit the doctor?
a: He was feeling a little crummy.

q: Why should you be sure to pay your exorcist on time?
a: You wouldn't want to get repossessed!

q: What did Goku want to be when he was growing up?
a: a SAIYANtist!

q: How many Sand People does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: No one knows. They ride single file to hide their numbers. 

q: What's the difference between a four year old and a baggie of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton wouldn't let a baggie of cocaine fall out the window.

q: What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease?
a: One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.

q: Why did Sally fall off the swingset?
a: Because she had no arms. "knock knock" "whose there?" "not sally!"

q: What does a pretentious owl say?
a: Whom whom.

q: What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew?
a: A hit Broadway show. (heard Drew Carey make this joke in a Whose Line blooper reel)

q: Offensive jokes?
a: Is there a subreddit for this?

q: Why should you wrap your hamster in duct tape?
a: So it won't explode when you fuck it.

q: Did you hear about the hippy that drowned at the beach?
a: Apparently he was too far out.

q: What's 12 inches long and makes women scream at night?
a: Cot death.

q: What do you call an Anorexic with a yeast infection?
a: A quarter pounder with cheese! -From   the movie

q: How can you tell that a shrimp with a big dick was walking down the beach?
a: Because he left a shrimp cock-trail.

q: Did you hear about the new Playboy magazine for married men?
a: Every month it has the same centerfold.

q: why don't robot chickens play basketball?
a: too many technical fowls

q: What's the difference between going into a sewer system and the government buildings?
a: They're both full of shit, but the government's got more assholes. 

q: Why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo?
a: for meatier showers.

q: How do you know which bear to talk to in a bar?
a: You have to read ursine.

q: What's the difference between New Jersey girls and trash?
a: Trash gets picked up.

q: You know what's fucked up?
a: A girl on top.

q: What's the difference between peanut-butter and jam ?
a: You can't peanut-butter it into her ass !

q: Did you hear about the fly on the toilet?
a: He got pissed off.

q: whats the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
a: There is one less drunk at the wake

q: Why did Moses lead the Jews around the desert for 40 years?
a: Because someone dropped a quarter.

q: OMG Hiccups are so annoying! You know what you should do if you have them?
a: GO AWAY

q: What did the princess say when she got to the ball?
a: garglgarglgarglgarglgargl

q: Why doesn't Fleetwood Mac shave?
a: Because Stevie Nicks.

q: Why didn't the hipster want to see the Saint John River and the Penobscot River?
a: They're two Maine streams.

q: Why did the researcher take his paper to the harbour?
a: To get it pier reviewed.

q: How can you tell the difference between a Fleshlight and the porn star it was modeled after?
a: Rubber clit...

q: whats the diffrence between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
a: nothing.  sombodys losing a trailer!

q: Whats th first joke you remember hearing or that you told as a kid?
a: Mine is: What is the white stuff in bird poop? (That is also bird poop.) edit: til you can't edit the topic to fix spelling errors...

q: What's a Jewish pedophiles favorite pick up line?
a: Hey kid, ya wanna buy some candy?

q: What would you call The Flinstones if they were black?
a: Niggers

q: Why do rapists make such great salesmen?
a: They don't take no for an answer. 

q: Why do white men shop at black yard sales?
a: To get all their stuff back.

q: What did the plate say to the other plate?
a: "dinner's on me"

q: What do zombie vegans eat?
a: ... Grains!!!

q: why aren't there Olympics in Mexico?
a: Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim is already across the border

q: What do you do if you see your stepmother hobbling around in the backyard?
a: Reload.

q: What did the black guy get on his SATs?
a: Barbecue Sauce

q: How do you set a woman's watch?
a: You don't, there's already a clock on the stove.

q: Why don't Mexicans have BBQs?
a: Because the beans keep falling through the grill.

q: What do you do when you see a bloody Mexican in your garbage can?
a: Quit laughing, and reload.

q: How do you make a gay fuck a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt. 

q: Spoken jokes anyone?
a: Some jokes work better when told. This subreddit seems to be void of any spoken jokes. So, what are some of your favorite jokes in video form? I can already imagine an hour long Nate the Snake joke.

q: Did you hear the joke about the ageless baby?
a: It never gets old. Did you hear the joke about Michelle Obama's vagina? It's a dark one.

q: What did Donald Duck say to the prostitute?
a: Put it on my bill.

q: What do Kodak film and John Lennon have in common?
a: They both came in a yellow box

q: What do you call 5 black guys and a white guy?
a: A basketball team. What do you call 9 black guys and a white guy?  A baseball team. What do you call 11 black guys and a white guy?  A football team. What do you call 100 black guys and a white guy?  A cell block

q: Why do black people cry during sex?
a: Because of the mace.

q: How many times does 1 go into 0?
a: As Many Times As It Wants!

q: What do you see when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
a: A flat miner. EDIT: spelling

q: if seagulls fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?
a: bagels

q: How do color blind people see porn?
a: In fifty shades of gray

q: What do you call a Russian man with three testicles?
a: Mr. Whodyounickabollockov

q: What is the worst part of a prostitute and the best part of a pie?
a: The crust.

q: Did you hear about the 80 pound midget with 40 pound balls?
a: They say he was half nuts.

q: what's your best joke involving or being about germans?
a: Just a German who wants to laugh.

q: What do you call a masturbating bull?
a: Beef Stroganoff.

q: How does a tractor break up with its boyfriend?
a: With a John Deere letter. 

q: How is Chick-Fil-A like a black hole?
a: You can come in, but you can't come out. <editorial non-joke remark - I'm straight, but these guys need to learn a lesson IMHO>

q: Why couldn't JFK be a boxer?
a: He couldn't take shots to the head.

q: Why do dwarves laugh when they run?
a: The grass tickles their balls.

q: From my 4 year old: What do you call a penguin that can't win?
a: A peng-lose!

q: How many black men does it take to screw in a light-bulb?
a: Just 1 because we are all equal and race has no impact.

q: Did you hear that the French President is getting divorced?
a: Apparently he came home early and caught his wife surrendering to a German.

q: How would you try to sleep with a fat girl?
a: oh, sorry, i misspelled "why"...

q: Why do women have periods?
a: because they deserve them.

q: Why did the Tour de France get raided?
a: The police heard it was full of pedal-philes.

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he saw a dolphin caught in a net?
a: "It's not a too-nah!"

q: What's the difference between very large building and pigeon?
a: just one 's'. One is skyscraper and the other one is skycraper.

q: Did you know that truth serum us derived from an animal?
a: It comes from the Tattlesnake!

q: What is the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket?
a: A pickpocket snatches watches

q: How can a woman avoid cleaning, cooking and oral sex for the rest of her life?
a: Grow a penis

q: What's the difference between a prostitute on the street and a prostitute on the pavement?
a: For American readers:

q: Why do Gorillas have big nostrils?
a: Because they have big fingers.  My FAVORITE clean joke, by far. 

q: What did Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
a: They both had curds in their whey.

q: What do you call 2 Mexicans playing Basketball?
a: Juan on Juan

q: What do Harvard and a virgin have in common?
a: You try so hard to get in but 9 months later you regret you ever came. 

q: How does a chef relax?
a: He beats his meat

q: what do you call a cow that's recently given birth?
a: Decaffinated

q: What do you call a relaxed redneck?
a: A chillbilly.

q: Why do blondes like blonde jokes?
a: It makes them feel popular.

q: Why does Fred Williard keep Kleenex in his pocket?
a: They come in handy.

q: What's a shark's favorite illegal substance?
a: Reefer

q: What did the cow say when she jumped off a cliff?
a: "Geronimoo!"

q: What's Irish and sits by the pool?
a: Paddy O'Furniture

q: Why do inquisitive peppers annoy people?
a: Because they get jalapeo business.

q: How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: It takes 1 to screw it in, and 99 to tweet about it.

q: Why did the scientist take off his doorbell?
a: ...because he wanted to win the "Nobel" prize!

q: What did the redditor say to the repost?
a: Upvote!

q: How many pedants does it take to replace a burnt light bulb?
a: Glass doesn't burn.

q: Did you hear about the new farmers dating site?
a: It's full of hoes.

q: Did you guys hear about the dyslexic man who went to the toga party?
a: They wouldn't let him in because he showed up dressed as a goat.

q: How do you get a one-armed monkey out of a tree?
a: Wave at him

q: how many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: none. they just beat it for being  black!

q: Why did the H blow itself up?
a: Because the Jihad.

q: Why is the bat-boy the luckiest guy on the baseball team?
a: Because when he grows up he will be Batman.

q: What do you call two lesbian dinosaurs?
a: Lickalotypus.

q: Jessica fell out of a tree and broke both her arms. Knock knock. Who's there?
a: Not Jessica

q: Have you seen The Dark Knight Rises yet?
a: I hear it's killer.

q: What do you call coffee on the floor?
a: Ground Coffee.

q: Have you heard of the corduroy pillow?
a: Well, its making headlines. 

q: Why was Chic-Fil-A founded?
a: So that the choir boys could get more meat in their mouth besides the Reverend.

q: How many Vietnam vets does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN! YOU WEREN'T THERE!

q: what's the longest word in a black man's dictionary?
a: sheeeeeeeeeeeeit..

q: How are Bungee jumping and visiting a prostitute a like?
a: If the rubber breaks, you're dead.

q: Why did Lindsay Lohan walk into a movie theater?
a: She heard there were free shots.

q: Did you hear the one about the batman midnight showing?
a: I heard that people were really Fired up about it! too spoon?

q: What is six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy?
a: A hundred dollar bill.

q: How do you call a man with a rabbit up his bum?
a: A bad magician

q: what's a political campaign we can all get behind?
a: gay rights

q: What kind of fish does Google have in their lobby?
a: [betta]s

q: Did you hear about the Polak who won a Gold medal in the Olympics?
a: He was so proud he took it home and had it bronzed.

q: When did the Chinese man know it was time to go to the dentist?
a: Tooth hurty

q: What's a pedophile's favorite pair of shoes?
a: White Vans.

q: What did the heatsink say to the CPU?
a: "I'm a huge fan!"

q: Why do cannabis smokers call that tiny device that holds the butt of a cigarette a roach-clip?
a: ...because "pot holder" was already taken.

q: What's the difference between an old Greyhound terminal and a lobster with really big boobs?
a: One is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustation! ::buh dum bum::

q: What do you call an epileptic in a vegetable garden?
a: A seizure salad!

q: Is this where Frank lives ?
a: A group of loud and rowdy drunks were making a racket in the street.It was the wee small hours of the morning and the lady of the houseflung open a window and shouted at them to keep quiet. "Is this where Frank lives?" one of the drunks asked. "Yes, it is," the woman replied. "Well then," said the drunk, "Could you come and pick him out so therest of us can go home?"

q: Why are batman and black man different?
a: Bat man can go a whole night without robin

q: What's big, bounces, and makes little kids cry?
a: My donation check to the orphanage.

q: What kind of pants does Mario wear to work?
a: Denim denim denim ;p

q: What do women and condoms have in common?
a: They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.

q: Why did Sara fall out of the swing?
a: Because she didn't have any arms. Knock Knock..who's there..Not Sara.

q: What does Johnny Depp yell when a tree falls in the forest?
a: Timbuuuuuurrrrrrrrton~!

q: What's your favorite rape joke?
a: Here's mine: ______________________________

q: What was Carl Sagan really trying to say about the brain?
a: In Soviet Russia, consciousness regulates the cerebral cortex.

q: How do you say constipated in German?
a: Fahfrompoopin

q: Anybody heard the joke about the wall?
a: ...Can't tell you anyway because you wouldn't get over it.

q: What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes?
a: Heath Ledger jokes can get old....

q: What's the worlds longest sentence?
a: I do. 

q: What do they call a Polish astronomer?
a: Copernicus.

q: Did you hear about the masochist who like cold showers?
a: He took warm ones instead.

q: Need a good PG rated joke for a class...anybody have one?
a: I've been scouring the posts on here but a lot of them are highly sexual/not appropriate.  Have to give a joke for my Toastmasters class. Ideas?

q: What are Canadians favorite board game?
a: Sorry

q: Whats the worst thing you can hear when your giving Willie Nelson a blowjob?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."

q: Know why New Yorkers are so cynical?
a: For them, the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.

q: What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus???
a: It only takes one nail to hang a photo

q: Why is the Camel so hard to see in the desert?
a: Because it's Camel-flaged...

q: Why don't they allow lesbians to play baseball?
a: When they get to third base they think they've scored

q: Why don't chicken coops have Four doors?
a: because then they would be Chicken sedans

q: Why did the black kid wish for a white Christmas?
a: Because all his white friends got better gifts than him.

q: Q: How can u drop an egg onto a concrete floor without breaking it?
a: A: Any way you want, concrete floors tend to be very hard to crack.

q: What's the difference between 365 used condoms and a tire?
a: One's a goodyear and the other is a great year.

q: What is long and black?
a: The unemployment line. 

q: Did you hear about the singing laptop?
a: It's a Dell.

q: Why do cannibals never go hungry?
a: Because they can make themselves dinner.

q: What did the deaf, dumb, blind, amputee kid get for Christmas?
a: Cancer. 

q: what do you get when one rapper eats another?
a: FOOD CHAINZZZ!!

q: Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg?
a: He's all right now.

q: How did the love seat get pregnant?
a: Because the couch didn't pull out.

q: did you know there are people who hate jews who are not nazis?
a: yeah, they.re called tenants.

q: What is a Pirate's favorite letter?
a: Listener usually answers: R? Punchline: (In pirate voice) No! It is the C!

q: How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag ?
a: You take the "F" out of way. 

q: What is the name of an Irish girl who hangs out on your lawn?
a: Patti O'Furniture

q: Why didnt the melons get married?
a: Because they cantaloupe

q: How can you tell there are two elephants in your fridge?
a: You have to put the partly-eaten dismembered body of your infant daughter in the freezer instead.

q: Why do asians have such squinty eyes?
a: Because atomic bombs are pretty bright.

q: What did the bread maker say to the wheat?
a: I loave you.

q: What's the difference between a bag of coke and a baby?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a bag of coke fall out the window.

q: What is brown and screams?
a: Stevie Wonder when he answers the iron.

q: Do you guys wanna jear a hoke about dyslexics?
a: I had a joke about Alzheimer's but damnit, I don't remember it.

q: Why do black people keep the brims of their hats flat?
a: So birds don't shit on their lips.

q: Why is a rat when it spins?
a: The higher it flies, the much.

q: fovorite irish jokes?
a: how does an irish duck say hello... whats the quack?   - this may be the worst irish joke ever... does anyone have an irish joke worse than this?

q: What goes "Clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, clip clop, BANG, clip clop, clip clop"?
a: Amish drive by shooting.

q: What do you call 20 niggers in the emergency room?
a: Family reunion They even brought a bucket of KFC 

q: Did you hear that David Copperfield has aids now?
a: Yea, he was doing Magic. 

q: What's brown & rhymes with Snoop?
a: Dr. Dre.

q: What did the windmill say to Lady Gaga?
a: I'm a really big fan.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic corn husker and a nymphomaniac with diarrhea?
a: One shucks between fits

q: Can anyone answer why they've kept the name Lynchburg?
a: Come on, don't leave me hanging.

q: how do you know you're in an elevator with the people of reddit?
a: you're stuck on the basement level!

q: Why does a one legged man make a terrible therapist?
a: Because he has less understanding.

q: How do we know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama?
a: If it had been invented anywhere else, it would be called a teethbrush. What's the latest invention to come out of the UA engineering program? A solar-powered flashlight. How can you tell if someone's a UA graduate? Look at the ring while they're picking their nose. Why are criminals so hard to catch in Alabama? Everyone has the same DNA. What does an Alabaman call a six-pack and a dead possum? A seven-course meal. Since state jokes seem to be the thing today, and, well, I'm from Georgia...

q: What do you tell a hitchhiker with one leg?
a: Hop in

q: What does a shopping cart and a wheelchair have in common?
a: They both can be used to carry vegetables....

q: What's a good comeback for a women when she's asked to get her husband a sandwich?
a: She better come back with a goddamn sandwich!

q: Are you African?
a: ...'cause you're a frickin' babe.

q: What happens when you stick your hand in a jar of jelly beans?
a: The black ones steal your watch.

q: Did you hear about the new Vietnamese cookbook?
a: It's called "101 ways to wok your dog"

q: Who told the gorilla that he couldnt go to the ballet performance?
a: Well, just, whoever was in charge. The people in charge decided not to let the gorilla in, in case there were problems. EDIT: I didnt mention this was Louis CKs daughters joke because I assumed most people would know that already. It was never my intention to make it seem like I came up with it or to try to steal it.

q: How many gay guys can you fit on a stool?
a: 4 if you flip it upside down. 

q: Who laughs the last?
a: The one who you have to explain the joke to.

q: Did you hear they came out with a drink called the Osama Bin Laden?
a: It's two shots and a splash of water.

q: How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass?
a: Very satisfying.

q: What is important in relationships?
a: Reflexivity and transitivity.

q: Whats an African-American's favorite fare?
a: Welfare.

q: Why do jewish men get circumcised?
a: Because a jewish woman wouldn't touch anything unless it's 20% off.

q: What has 7 arms and sucks?
a: Def Leppard.

q: how to you get a one armed blonde out of a tree?
a: you wave at her.

q: Why is a viola solo like a bomb?
a: By the time you hear it, it's too late to do anything about it. A long list of viola jokes:

q: Why was the baseball team hot?
a: It didn't have any fans!

q: How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Irrelevant, you will be assimilated!

q: Why did the condom go flying through the air?
a: He was pissed off.  (It took me an embarrassing amount of time to get this one.)

q: What did one condom say to the other while passing a gay bar?
a: Lets go in there and get shit faced.

q: Why can't Sluts Count to 70?
a: Because 69's a mouthful!

q: What's the difference between George W. Bush and Hitler?
a: Hitler was an evil  .

q: Why did Shakespeare break up with his girlfriend?
a: Prose before hoes.

q: Does England have a fourth of July?
a: Of Course they do, they just don't celebrate it!

q: What do you call an Ewok who just ate pancakes?
a: A sticky Wicket.

q: What do you call two women in a canoe?
a: Fur traders!

q: What's red and has two legs?
a: Half a cat

q: What does it sound like when two old people have sex?
a: Snap, crackle, pop. 

q: How many Atheists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two.  One to actually do it, the other to film it so fundamentalists won't claim that God did it.

q: What do you call a Greek virgins anus?
a: A loophole Credit to Doug Benson

q: What's the difference between girls of our generation and peanut butter?
a: One spreads easily and the other is peanut butter 

q: Whats red, 10 inches long, and makes your girlfriend cry when you put it in her mouth?
a: her miscarriage 

q: Did you know that trampolines used to actually be called jumpolines?
a: That is, until 1982 when your mom got on one.

q: What where Adam's first words to Eve?
a: "Don't wash it in there, you'll make the fish smell like that!"

q: What is a dog covered in poo called?
a: A SHIT-szu. I thought of this due to the fact that my Shitszu came inside covered in mud.

q: What do you call a Poor Stripper?
a: Ugly.

q: What do you call Catholics who marry Jews?
a: Cashews!

q: Where do cats go on vacation?
a: Maui.

q: Why do the 3rd Italian Navy use glass-bottomed battleships?
a: So they can look at the 2nd Italian Navy!  Edit: Grammar

q: Why don't nuns fear getting raped?
a: Because they know it is tough to get into the habit.

q: When geese fly in a "V" formation, do you know why one side is longer than the other?
a: Because there are more birds on that side.

q: Who is that only black guy at the family reunion?
a: Your fat sisters boyfriend

q: Did you know that Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin?
a: That he built.

q: What happened to the wooden car with the wooden wheels and the wooden engine?
a: It wooden go

q: If I was your alarm clock, how would I wake you up every morning?
a: With a big dong.......

q: What do you call a bunch of stereotypical Americans running?
a: Nothing, it never happens.

q: Why was the wife worried that her husband was a light drinker?
a: Every night, he'd go out and drink until it was light.

q: What is Drake's favorite type of alcohol?
a: Cripple Sec

q: what did the grape say when it got stepped on?
a: nothing, it just let out a little whine

q: What did the Pilipino orphan boy say to the linguist who wanted to adopt him?
a: I'll tagalog!

q: How are getting popular in high school and getting a college woman pregnant similar?
a: Step one:  penetrate the student body. 

q: What's green and can eat 50 hot dogs in a minute?
a: Kobayoshi.

q: Why do gay people like math?
a: Because of  nomials!

q: How do you tell the difference between a chemistry professor and a politician ?
a: Just ask them to read this word: unionized.

q: What's the most dishonest place on earth?
a: The Library

q: How much do you love kids?
a: On a scale from Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky, how much do you love kids?

q: What's green and spiky and retrieves information at the click of a button?
a: A web Bowser.

q: Why do Republicans oppose Gay Marriage AND Obamacare?
a: Because they hate mandates.

q: What do you call your last girlfriend's vagina?
a: Xbox

q: How much sperm do gay guys have?
a: A buttload

q: How do we know cats are communists?
a: All they ever say is Mao.

q: What kind of fabric does Mario use?
a: Denim denim denim.

q: How do you get a faggot to fuck a bitch?
a: You shit in her cunt.

q: What should you do if you're attacked by a gang of clowns?
a: Go for the juggler

q: What is the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?
a: The porcupine has its pricks on the outside. 

q: What do you call it when a bison borrows money from you?
a: A buffa

q: How the does man give his dead batteries away?
a: Free of charge, of course.

q: Whats the difference between a Priest and Acne?
a:  

q: What does a priest and McDonalds have in common?
a: They both like to stick meat in their 10 year old buns.

q: Why did the dyslexic Italian prisoner of war never get rescued?
a: Because when his commanding officer read his letter saying he was now a WOP, it was assumed that he had expatriated. 

q: How do you find a naked man in a nudist colony?
a: It's not hard.

q: What do you call a drunk muslim?
a: Hammad. What do you call a VERY drunk Muslim? Mohammad.

q: what do anal sex and vegetables have in common?
a: you enjoy both more as an adult if they arent forced on you as a child.

q: What do vegan zombies crave?
a: GRRAAAAINS!!

q: What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a supermodel?
a: Nothing if her husband knows what's good for him!

q: Will a rabbi charge a lot for circumcisions?
a: No. He just keeps the tips.

q: Why did sally fall of the swing ?
a: She didn't have any arms . Knock-Knock Who's there ? Not Sally !

q: Why don't North Koreans go to heaven?
a: because they have no Seoul

q: What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
a: Here come the elephants. . . . What did he say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill wearing sunglasses? Nothing, he didn't recognize them. . . . What did he say when he saw the giraffes coming over the hill wearing sunglasses? Those goddamn elephants won't fool me this time.

q: How do you kill a hippie?
a: Tape a hula hoop to the bottom of a pool

q: Which famous celebrity has had the most children over the last 20 years?
a: Which famous celebrity has had the most children over the last 20 years?  Michael Jackson

q: What do you call a 1 ton toilet?
a: EL-ton John

q: What should you do if you see an epileptic having a seizure in a bathtub?
a: Throw in a load of laundry, and soap

q: Why isn't Mexico in the Summer Olympics?
a: Everyone who can run, jump, and swim are already over here. 

q: Why shouldn't you let your kids run more than a mile?
a: Because at the second mile they get raped.

q: Why don't you say grace when eating Chinese food?
a: Because they run you over with a tank if you do. Found this on Becker, didn't know if I should put this here or goingtohellforthis

q: what do you call a mexican with a rubber toe?
a: rubbertoe

q: Have you heard about the South Korean subreddit?
a: Apparently it's the   of reddit.

q: What's the roughest part about being a 7-year-old in Liberia?
a: The mid-life crisis.

q: Did you know that Justin Bieber has a 12 inch cock?
a: Yep.  It's in his ass and belongs to Usher.

q: Did you hear about the guy who stole a dictionary from the library?
a: He got away with words.

q: What's the difference between Reddit and 4chan?
a: One is a group of immature internet trolls....and the other thinks it isn't.

q: What do you call a prepubescent rapist?
a: ... a smooth criminal.

q: What's black on the outside but yellow on the inside?
a: Ninja chicken.

q: What do you call someone who has to pay for sex?
a: Buy-sexual (I know it is cheesy, but I thought of it all on my own.)

q: You know how Brussels sprouts and anal sex are kinda the same??
a: If you're forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult

q: why are dubstep artists so bad at fishing?
a: They always drop the bass

q: What do you call a cow that got hit by a car?
a: moo-tilated.

q: What kind of secretary is the best secretary?
a: One that never misses a period.

q: Where do you weigh pies?
a: Somewhere over a rainbow...

q: Iguanas feel love but don't marry ..know why?
a: Cos to Mariguana is illegal.

q: Why should you never let a non-metal drive a train?
a: Because they're poor conductors! (I know they're called Engineers but cut me some slack, I thought of this in the 9th grade.)

q: What do you call a musician's best friend?
a: A drummer...

q: What did Kermit the Frog say when Jim Henson died?
a: ...nothing.

q: What's the only thing better than roses on a piano?
a: Tulips on an organ.

q: What's a Canadian's favorite board game?
a: Sorry!

q: How did Kim Jong-Il begin his audio autobiography?
a: "Dear Reader"

q: What's Rectangle, red and bad for your teeth?
a: A Brick!

q: How many people with alzheimer's does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: To get to the otherside!

q: What are the two biggest lies in Wyoming?
a: My truck is paid for, and honestly officer, I was just helping the sheep over the fence. 

q: How much semen does a gay guy have?
a: A butt load.

q: What does bungee jumping and hookers have in common?
a: Both of them cost $100 and if the rubber breaks, you're screwed!

q: What did the prostitutes left leg say to the other leg?
a: Between you and me, we can make a lot of money!

q: What do bricks and Latinas have in common?
a: They both get laid by Mexicans...

q: What's worse than a pile of dead babies?
a: One in the center eating its way out. What's worse than that? It goes back for seconds.

q: What is the difference between a circus side show and a Las Vegas floor show?
a: One has a cunning array of stunts, the other has a stunning array of cunts. 

q: What do you call it when the lead singer of U2 fights with himself?
a: Bono-y-Bono

q: What does a gift and a black man have in common?
a: White children get immense joy after tearing one open

q: What would be your reply?
a: Someone stops you in the middle of the road and asks you to tell him a good joke, What would be your reply?

q: Did you hear, there's no more ice in Poland?
a: The old lady with the recipe died...

q: Why did Napoleon's soldiers wear red buttons on their blue jackets during the battle of Waterloo?
a: ... so that they could close their jackets.

q: There are 4 gay guys in a bar and only one bar stool, how do they all sit down?
a: They turn the stool up side down

q: What do you call a laptop in the ocean?
a: A Dell, rolling in the deep.

q: Why did the movie critic give the movie he received on a burned disc a 3.14/5?
a: Because it was pi-rated.

q: How many non-humorous people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: One

q: What do you call a penis shaped wand?
a: A Magic Johnson.

q: How many countries does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Five. Germany to start it, France to try and then give up almost immediately, Italy to start, give up, and try again from the other side, America to finish it and claim credit for the whole thing, and Switzerland to sit in the dark and pretend that nothing happened.

q: Why cant a lesbian diet and wear make up at the same time?
a: Because..........It is hard to eat Jenny Craig with Mary Kay on her face.

q: Why don't Rooster's wear underwear?
a: Because their pecker's on their face

q: Why do fluorescent lights hum?
a: Because they don't know the words.

q: Why do airplanes manufactured in Spain have windshield wipers on the inside?
a: Because the rain in Spain falls mostly in the plain.

q: Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers?
a: Because when they dance, they make it rain.

q: Why did the hippie drown?
a: Because he was too far out, man.

q: How do you find a vegan at your dinner party?
a: Don't worry, they'll tell you.

q: What do you get when you cross a border collie with a pit bull?
a: A dog that is smart enough to bury the bodies.

q: What's white and covers the road in the early morning?
a: Employed people.

q: How did the hipster break his neck?
a: He jump off the diving board before it was pool.

q: What's the Difference Between Being Hungry and Horny?
a: Where you put the cucumber! 

q: Did you hear about the man with a cold who went to a miniature petting zoo?
a: He was feeling a little hoarse.

q: Did you hear the AIDS joke?
a: You haven't? Never mind, I don't want to spread it.

q: What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn?
a: Grassy Ass!

q: Why doesn't Smokey the Bear have any kids?
a: Because every time his wife gets hot, he covers her with dirt and beats her with a shovel.

q: How did they name Canada?
a: They picked letters out of a hat: C eh, N eh, D eh.

q: Why couldn't they find the cheesemaker after the accident?
a: He was trapped under da-Brie!

q: What do you call a person who loved tractors but doesn't any more?
a: An extractor fan

q: Ever heard of the blind hooker?
a: You really gotta hand it to 'er. 

q: Why can't two Asians have a white baby?
a: Because two wongs don't make a white

q: What do you call a Native American girl that is really good with directions?
a: A Navajo.

q: Did you hear about the guy who was frozen to absolute zero?
a: He was 0K.

q: What did the Nazi boy say to his sweetheart?
a: I reich you.

q: How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb?
a: "No, that's all right.  I'll just sit here in the dark."

q: What has 12 hands, 12 legs, and 12 eyes?
a: 12 pirates.

q: How is a woman like an Electrical Fuse?
a: When they blow, you got no power!!

q: What do frogs say that surf the internet?
a: Reddit reddit.. First joke i thought of. :) 

q: Did anyone see the transit of Venus?
a: If so, was it a white one?

q: What do you call a guy with 15 rabbits up his arse?
a: Warren.

q: What's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console?
a: Wednesday

q: Why do jews get so little annuity?
a: Because they only worked from 38 to 45

q: What's the difference between LinkedIn and McDonald's?
a: McDonald's knows how to use salt

q: What's the worst part about looking at internet porn?
a: When the librarian tells you to leave.

q: What's the Difference Between A Condom and Your Mother?
a: A condom wasn't on my dick last night.

q: what do you call water that bounces?
a: Spring water.

q: What's the best thing about dating a homeless chick?
a: You can drop her off anywhere!

q: Q: Why did the Wisconsin democrat cry?
a: A: He couldn't recall.

q: Why did the Dalai Lama go to Mexico?
a: So he can be juan with everything.

q: What would be a great name for a Mexican Boy Band?
a: Juan Direction.

q: Why don't undertakers provide free services?
a: That would be a dead giveaway. 

q: Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets?
a: Because their hands are always in someone else's!

q: If storks bring white babies and crows bring black babies, then what brings no babies?
a: Swallows

q: Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows?
a: They are making headlines!

q: What's the difference between toilet paper and shower curtains?
a: If you answered "I don't know." I would like to tell you that I spent all day cleaning that mess up.

q: What is the difference between a sociopath and a buddhist?
a: A sociopath sees people as things; a buddhist sees things as people.

q: What's the difference between a DVD player and a cow's anus?
a: If you answered 'I don't know,' I'm certainly not letting you borrow any of   DVDs in the future!

q: Have you heard the one about the successful black man?
a: Neither have I! I hope this isn't a repost. I made this joke, but I wouldn't be surprised if somebody else thought of it before me.

q: How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire?
a: Dago wop wop wop

q: Q: How can you tell if it's a trombone player you're kissing?
a: A: You feel his hand going up your ass!

q: What's worse than locking your keys in your car in front of an abortion clinic?
a: Going in and asking for a coat hanger.

q: What do you call a dirty atheist?
a: An unholy mess!

q: How do you spell "candy" with only 2 letters?
a: and

q: What's the best part of being an abortion doctor?
a: The free lunch. 

q: Why do you never see Mexicans with acne?
a: They keep slipping off.

q: How do you get an iraqi woman pregnant?
a: Cum on her feet and let the flies do the rest.

q: What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay guy?
a: The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.

q: What shape does a muppet follow when throw through the air?
a: Pa-Ra-Bo-La (do doooo do dodo)

q: What did the man say to his big breasted ex-wife?
a: Thanks for the mammaries.

q: What do you call it when one lesbian "Cock Blocks" andother lesbian?
a: Beaver Dam

q: Why does the Pope shower with his briefs on?
a: He doesn't like to look down on the unemployed. 

q: Why can't the Tyrannosaurus Rex clap?
a: Because they're dead

q: What does a National Geographic magazine or a JC Penney catalog have in common?
a: Sorry, the punchline is the joke.  If you don't get it, ask your dad.

q: A black woman named Latisha has three boys all named LeSean. How does she tell them apart?
a: Their last names!

q: What do a dead fish and dog shit have in common?
a: They are both front-page material on reddit

q: How much does the average Hipster weigh?
a: About 74,000 Insta-grams.

q: What did the collage artist say to her assistant?
a: Looks like I got my work cut out for me.

q: Who do you sell second hand bikes to?
a: A re-cyclist.

q: What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when someone told him to upgrade to Windows 7?
a: I still love vista, baby

q: What happened when Justin Bieber went to Michael Jackson's house?
a: Nothing, Michael liked boys.

q: How do clams communicate?
a: A shell phone!

q: Did you hear about the fierce competition between the Texan and Mexican ice cream shops?
a: It was the Battle of the A La Mode!

q: What's the most famous line at a gay bar?
a: "Can I push in your stool?" 

q: What's a lesbian's favorite meal to cook?
a: Nothing. Lesbians don't cook. They eat out. 

q: What's the best joke you ever heard?
a: For me, it's gotta be Emo Phillips' Baptist joke. Although to tell it you've gotta get his execution down.

q: 2 Mexicans and a white man are in a car, who's driving?
a: The police officer

q: Whats black, white, red and rolls around in a KFC parking lot?
a: Litter that the wind blew out of the trash you racist piece of shit!

q: Did you hear about the two guys who stole a calendar?
a: They got six months each.

q: What's the difference between a blimp and 365 used condoms?
a: One's a Goodyear, the other's an awesome year. 

q: What's long, green and smells like bacon?
a: Kermit the Frog's finger.

q: Anybody hear about what happened when Nietzche died?
a: Oh, well I guess it doesn't really matter anyway...

q: What do you call a Mexican on a bridge?
a: Spic and span

q: What does Spock sing in the shower?
a: What does Spock sing in the shower?  I'll stop the world and meld with you!

q: Why can't Abraham Lincoln remember the Gettysburg Address?
a: Because he's dead.

q: What invisible and smells like carrots?
a: Bunny farts

q: What's the difference between a four year old and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound terminal and a lobster with a boob job?
a: One's a crusty bus station.

q: What is the best animal related joke you know?
a: These jokes should be any jokes that are even vaguely related to animals!

q: What did the mexican boy say to his mom after he mopped the floors and found his brother?
a: I've cleaned up and found Jesus. 

q: What's the hardest number to say?
a: ... 70 because after 69 your mouth's full.

q: What's in common between Batman and a black guy?
a: They can't go into a store without Robin

q: What does a tight-rope walker eat for breakfast?
a: A Balanced Diet!

q: How do we know that Batman is black?
a: He can't go anywhere without Robin'

q: What do you get if you put 5 lesbians and 5 politicians in the same room?
a: 10 people who don't do dick.

q: What's the worst thing a woman can hear after giving Willie Nelson a blow job?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."

q: What happens when a nun becomes pregnant?
a: They fire a Canon.

q: Did r/jokes hear about the new Taco Bell Express yet?
a: You give them 99c, and they throw a burrito in the toilet for you.

q: Why do we call it politics?
a: Because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites. 

q: What's batmans favourite fruit?
a: Ba na na na na na na na na na na na na na grapefruit.

q: What do you call a Gay dinosaur?
a: Mega-sore-ass!

q: What happens when a necrophiliac goes to a funeral?
a: He gets mourning wood. 

q: What did the scarf say to the hat?
a: You go on ahead. I'll hang around

q: The dirtiest joke I know: What is the difference between a baby and a freezer?
a: One does not scream when I pack my meat into it.

q: What do you get when you put semen in a bat?
a: Abasement.

q: What does Lebron James do after winning the NBA Championship?
a: He turns off his Xbox.

q: How can you tell if a Redditor is European?
a: Don't worry, he'll tell you

q: What do you call a female deer that's pickled?
a: A dill doe

q: What were you thinking?
a: Schwarzenegger has a big one, Michael J. Fox has a small one, Madonna doesn't have one, The POPE has one but doesn't use it, Clinton uses his all the time, Mickey Mouse has an unusual one, George Burns' was hot, Liberace NEVER used his on women, Jerry Seinfeld is very very proud of his, We never saw Lucy use Desi's what is it?

q: How do you confuse a drummer?
a: Give him sheet music

q: Did you hear about the new virtual reality fellatio program?
a: It's a real mind-blowing experience.

q: What do locking the keys in your car and getting your girlfriend pregnant have in common?
a: both can be solved with a coat hanger

q: What did the Italian say when the eel swam by?
a: That's a Moray.

q: What ever happened to the Energizer Bunny?
a: So the other day I'm talking to a friend about what happened to the Energizer Bunny. It's been quite sometime since I've seen him appear in a commercial. I was always under the impression that he "kept going." My friend proceeds to tell me the Energizer Bunny was arrested last year ,and they charged him with battery. Now it all makes sense. 

q: You know my grandfather died in a Nazi prison camp?
a: He died falling off a watch tower

q: what did the buffalo say when his son left for college?
a: bye son

q: What do you call a dog riding in a submarine?
a: A subwoofer. 

q: Why do women have babies?
a: Because it hurts and they deserve it

q: Why do short people laugh when they run?
a: Because the grass tickles their balls. 

q: How do five gay guys walk?
a: In one direction.

q: why do dolphin jokes always make you laugh?
a: that's the porpoise.  (came up with this at work...i love a good pun)

q: What did Mr.T say when he saw a fat lady at the bar?
a: I pity the stool!

q: Did you hear that Bjrk covered a Lady Gaga song?
a: It's called "Bjrn This Way".

q: How did So-Cal celebrate the double anniversary of the LA Riots and Cinco de Mayo?
a: Rodney King Pinatas 

q: Did you hear about the short-sighted circumsiser?
a: He got the sack.

q: How many members of an identifiable group does it take to perform a common task?
a: A certain number! One to actually perform the task, and the rest to act in a manner stereotypical of the group.

q: How do you catch a fish with peas?
a: Drop some peas along the shore, and when a fish comes up to take a pea, you grab him.

q: How does a chef get to work?
a: He woks.

q: What cheese is not yours?
a: Not your cheese....

q: What happened when Red-Beard's ship and Blue-Beard's ship crashed into each other?
a: They were MAROONED!

q: How did the hamburger introduce his girlfriend to his parents?
a: Meat patty

q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a girls cross country team?
a: One is a group of cunning runts. 

q: Why did god give women yeast infections?
a: So they know what it is like to live with an irritating cunt. Zing!

q: What do you call someone that will only have sex with homeless people?
a: A hobosexual

q: What did the buffalo say to his son who was going off to college?
a: Bison!

q: How is the Quran like weed?
a: How is the Quran like weed? Burning that shit will get you stoned.

q: What's the difference between an arts student and a table?
a: A table can support itself

q: Why did little Timmy fall off his bike?
a: Why did little Timmy fall off his bike?  Because someone threw a canoe at him!!!

q: Did you hear about how the Police were called to a daycare yesterday?
a: a three-year-old was resisting a rest

q: Why can't Barbie get pregnant?
a: Because Ken comes in a different box.  Heyooooooo

q: Need a cure joke... Anyone?
a: I need a joke that involves the band The Cure ... Anyone know any (or can make one up)?

q: What do an elephant and an apricot have in common?
a: They're both grey.....................................well except for the apricot. 

q: Did you hear about the red tarmac that went around murdering people?
a: It was a cycle-path.

q: What's the difference between an Arts student and a large pizza?
a: A large pizza can feed a family of 4

q: What is a red haired persons favorite alcohol?
a: Ginger Ale

q: Why aren't there any asprins in the jungle?
a: The parrots-eat-em-all.

q: What is the name of the bear capitol?
a: Koala Lumpur

q: Why isn't Spiderman in the Avengers?
a: Because a black widow has no husband.

q: What's the difference between an Engineering student and an Arts student when tying their shoes?
a: The arts student gets a mark for it.

q: What does the new socialist leader of France mean for the country, Europe, and the world?
a: Nationalized wine.. Sounds like the right wing will have some whine too.

q: Have you heard about the recent abnormal growth in cancer clinics?
a: There are tumor down the street.

q: What kind of mint is the hardest to swallow?
a: Abandonment. 

q: What's the penalty for bigamy?
a: Two mothers-in-law.

q: Whats the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?
a: A pick pocket snatches watches.

q: How do you stop millions of children from going to bed hungry every night?
a: Take away their beds...

q: Why was christopher never in the same place?
a: Because he's always Walken

q: Which is your favorite Monty Python Joke?
a: Of course, there's  , but here goes mine:  ...and that, my liege, is how we know the Earth to be banana shaped.  This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.

q: Have you guys seen this? Have you heard about this?
a: Wow, what a tewwific audience.

q: why did the native family starve?
a: Somebody hid the welfare cheque in a work boot.

q: what do you call a fake noodle?
a: an impasta 

q: Where does He-Man keep his towel?
a: BY THE SHOWER OF GREYSKULL!!! I wrote this joke today. Feel free to steal it.

q: How do Ghosts lay foundations?
a: With a spirit level!

q: Have you heard about the first restaurant on the moon?
a: Great food, no atmosphere.

q: Did you hear about the detective who failed geometry?
a: He could never get an angle. 

q: Whats the difference between the FAA and a jet engine?
a: The engine stops whining after the plane lands.

q: What kind of cake is even worse than fruitcake?
a: Bukkake.

q: What is the most effective form of birth control?
a: Abortions.

q: Could you please tell your mother to stop wearing so many different lip sticks?
a: It's making my dick start to look like a rainbow.

q: What is the worst thing you can hear while blowing Willie Nelson?
a: I'm not Willie Nelson.

q: Why did simba's father die in a stampede???
a: Because he couldn't mufasa!!!

q: (Very) dirty joke time: How does a mother in West Virginia know when her daughter is on her period?
a: Her son's dick tastes like blood.

q: How do you know your wife's dead?
a: The sex is the same but the dishes pile up.

q: Why is a woman unlike a washing machine?
a: After you throw a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow you around.

q: What do you do if you come across an elephant in the jungle?
a: You wipe it off and say sorry.

q: Girl with small feet?
a: Will do great in kitchen

q: This one's not racist... It's nationalist. That makes it better, right?
a: Four guys are standing on a street corner. An American, a Russian, a Chinese man and an Israeli.  A reporter comes up and says "Excuse me... What's your opinion on the meat shortage?"  The American says: "What's a shortage?"  The Russian says "What's meat?"  The Chinese man says "What's an opinion?"  The Israeli says "What's excuse me"? (for even worse humor, come to   and mock my terrible art skills!)

q: Did you hear about the abstinent lenses?
a: They never came in contact.

q: Whats the stupidest animal in the Jungle?
a: the Polar Bear

q: Where in the world can you find the highest concentration of Jews?
a: The atmosphere.

q: Why do hipsters prefer to drink their PBR warm?
a: So that they can say they liked it before it was cool.

q: What is the difference between a trampoline and a baby?
a: A trampoline doesn't look adorable in a sailor outfit

q: Did you hear about the thin guy who went to Alaska for six months?
a: He came back a husky fucker.

q: What country can't be hacked?
a: Madagascar, because all their ports are closed.

q: What is the opposite of Christopher reeves?
a: Christopher Walken

q: Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I ever had?
a: It was FANTASTIC.

q: Is it whisky?
a: Two Chinese men break into a Scottish Distillery.  One turns to the other and says "is it whisky?".  His accomplice turns to him and says "yes!  But not as whisky as wobbing a bank".

q: What's Snoop Dogs favorite type of weather?
a: Drizzle

q: What separates Humans from Animals?
a: The Mediterranean Sea.  

q: why do blacks like the doctor's office?
a: they operate on black time! 2:00 appointment? pfft show up at 3:30 you'll be straight

q: What do you get when you cross a zebra with a flamingo?
a: Some weeeeeeeird shit, man.

q: how many black people does it take to change a light bulb?
a: WRONG! black people don't work you idiot

q: What's the difference between a pile of dead babies and a corvette?
a: I don't have a corvette in my garage.

q: What's black, blue and hates sex?
a: A rape victim. 

q: (My favourite joke when I was a kid) Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: What kind of bird always sticks together?
a: A velcrow Courtesy of Jokels.com: 

q: What do you call the rapping triplet mind readers on the starship Enterprise?
a: Nikki Menage a Troi  Courtesy of Jokels.com: 

q: Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food?
a: Neither have they.

q: Why couldn't the melon couple run off and get married?
a: Because they can't elope.

q: Why do Seagulls Fly over the Sea?
a: Because if they flew over the bay they would be Bagels

q: What happens when you give a politician viagra?
a: He gets taller

q: What do you get when you take a needle to a balloon filled with yogurt?
a: pop culture

q: Did you hear about the constipated composer?
a: He couldn't finish the last movement.

q: What is woman spelled backwards?
a: Kitchen

q: Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers?
a: No, they eat the fingers separately.

q: Whats the worst part about having a lesbian for a roommate?
a: They eat all the tuna!!!

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute and a dead baby?
a: I only have one under my bed

q: If you took the tartness out of a lime and later put it back would the lime be retarted?
a: Yes...yes it would...

q: Do you know why Moon rocks taste better than Earth rocks?
a: Because they are a little meteor!

q: What is the frequency of a broken tailbone?
a: My butt Hz.

q: Why doesn't the United States have to worry about a North Korean nuclear missile attack?
a: we have the Iron Giant

q: What do you call an international criminal waffle that you dropped at the beach?
a: Carmen Sandy Eggo

q: What do California zombies eat?
a: Graaaiiins.

q: What's a white racist's favorite food?
a: Klan Chowder

q: What is the difference between my grandma and a newborn baby?
a: When I fuck my grandma up the ass she doesn't die.

q: What happens when you give Viagra to a politician?
a: He gets taller

q: Why can't Africa have Volkswagen beetles?
a: Because an elephant will screw anything with a trunk in the front.  Thanks to a random guy outside of a 7/11. 

q: What's Kermit the Frog's favorite song?
a: "Whib It" by Devo.

q: Why did the airplane crash?
a: The pilot was a loaf of bread.

q: Why Can't Michael J. Fox draw a perfect circle?
a: Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible. Also, he has Parkinson's disease.

q: On a scale of 1 to 10, how immature am I?
a: 69

q: Did you guys hear about the midget that admitted he was gay?
a: He came out of the cupboard.

q: What did the black man get on his SAT's?
a: BBQ sause. 

q: When do you know that you are getting old?
a: When you have babies on purpose

q: If a lobsters come in on lobster boats, and clams come in on clam boats, what do crabs come in on?
a: The captain's dinghy.

q: Are we going the right way, Yoda?
a: Off-course, we are.

q: Did you hear that Willy Nelson died?
a: He was singing on the road again.

q: If Jesus were alive today...what type of car would he drive?
a: A chrysler   (Christler)

q: What is the most positive thing in Africa?
a: HIV

q: What's all brown and sounds like a bell?
a: Dung!

q: What do you call a mentally handicapped System of a Down cover band?
a: Syndrome of a Down

q: What did one crab say to the other?
a: "Damn this bitch is nasty!"

q: Have you heard about Marx's tomb?
a: They say it's a Communist plot

q: What is the only part of a vegetable you cant eat?
a: The wheelchair!

q: Why does Mexico never wins any medals at the Olympic Games?
a: Because everyone who runs, swims, or jump really well is already across the border. 

q: If John has 50 candy bars and eats 45, how many does he have?
a: Diabetes. John has diabetes.

q: Q: Why did the suspenders get arrested?
a: A: Because they held up a pair of pants.

q: What do you call the stupidest fish in the sea?
a: A dumb bass.

q: Why does vegan cheese taste bad?
a: It hasn't been tested on mice.

q: Why did the lead singer of Drowning Pool lose his job at Starbucks?
a: HE LET BISCOTTI HIT THE FLOOR

q: Why did the baker get smelly fingers?
a: Because he needed a poo. 

q: Why is it impossible to starve in a desert?
a: Because of the sand, which is everywhere. 

q: What does the titanic and the canucks have in common?
a: They both fail big time when they hit the ice..

q: why do girls wear makeup and perfume?
a: because they're ugly and they stink.

q: What do Chinos say when you take them off?
a: This was incredibly clever when I first thought of it but then I did some research...the closest they get to being Italian is that George Clooney was a "pioneer" for them: Reading that makes me never want to wear them again.

q: You see those cows over there?
a: They are outstanding in their field.

q: How do camels have sex in the desert?
a: They dry hump.

q: What's your best racist joke?
a: I was just looking for some good racially insensitive jokes for my friends. Gimme your worst, Reddit. 

q: What's green then turns red really quickly?
a: A frog in a blender

q: Did you hear about the rabbi performing circumcisions for free?
a: ...he just kept the tips.

q: What is the hardest part about playing soccer?
a: Telling your parents that you're gay.

q: Where do Jewish kids with ADHD go for summer?
a: Concentration camp.

q: What do most people wear to court?
a: Law-suits

q: What do you call a black lady having an abortion?
a: A hero

q: What's a gay couples least favorite fruit?
a: Cantaloupe.

q: You hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
a: They each got six months.

q: What do you call a teenage girl that doesn't masturbate?
a: A liar.  Post your jokes you wouldn't tell your mother. 

q: What instant coffee and Sasha Grey have in common?
a: 3 in 1

q: Did you hear about the airplane that crashed into a cemetery?
a: They recovered 12,000 bodies.

q: How many PETA memebers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None. PETA can't change anything.

q: What's a gay-bar pickup line?
a: Can I push your stool in?

q: Do you know why black people have large nostrils?
a: Because they have big fingers.

q: what's the main difference between r.kelly and your average redditor?
a: there are some things r.kelly can't piss all over.

q: What do the NFL and Jail have in common?
a: You go in as a Tight End and leave as a Wide Receiver.

q: Whats brown and sounds like a bell?
a: DUUUUUuU

q: Why is it always a good idea to pack asparagus when you go camping?
a: In case your other agus breaks. 

q: What's the difference between Yogurt and L.A.?
a: Yogurt has a live and thriving culture.

q: What do compassion and sex have in common?
a: Without passion it's only cum!

q: How do you spell women backwards?
a: Kitchen

q: What does a Cuban do when he gets a flat tire?
a: Drowns.

q: Did you hear about that guy who put 19 toy horses up his butt?
a: His condition is stable.

q: What do you call the sweat between two rednecks having sex?
a: Relative humidity!

q: What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
a: Beer nuts are $1.29 a bag. Deer nuts are just under a buck.

q: How's banging a fat chick like riding a scooter?
a: They're both a lot of fun until your friends catch you.

q: Are you Jewish?
a: Because your body's smokin ;)

q: What happens to Eminem when he dies?
a: I accidentally this joke the other day. Do you think it has potential? 

q: A jew just won the nobel prize. what do you say to him?
a: congrajulations Edit: do those who downvoted  know the real spelling of congratulations ?

q: what's wrong if everything is all right?
a: There's nothing left

q: How do you get a girl from the Midwest to "s" your "d"?
a: Dip it in ranch.

q: What does a Polish man give to his bride on their wedding day that's both long and hard?
a: His surname

q: What problem afflicts 40% of all pedophiles?
a: Immature ejaculation

q: What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable?
a: Nigga, peas!

q: How do Italian Jews like their bread?
a: With-a matzah holes in it. 

q: What's red, white, and black all over?
a: An American plantation.

q: Why did the rancher vivisect his daughter?
a: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He wanted to reverse cowgirl.

q: So these lepers are playing ice hockey and he gets kicked off the team. Why?
a: Because there was a face off on the ice.

q: What is the difference between Hitler and Seabiscuit?
a: Seabiscuit could finish a race.

q: What do you call a psychic little person on the lam?
a: A small medium at large

q: why aren't mexicans and blacks suppose to have kids?
a: because the children will be to lazy to steal.

q: What is Chuck Norris' only weakness?
a: Cancer

q: What goes well with country music?
a: Suicide.

q: Why did the farmer vivisect his daughter?
a: He wanted to reverse cowgirl.

q: Did you hear about that guy who had his whole left side amputated?
a: Yeah he's all right now

q: Why doesn't Smokey the bear have any kids?
a: Every time his wife gets hot, he smacks her with a shovel.

q: Whats so great about twenty-five year olds?
a: There's 20 of them! (I can't believe this isn't a repost.)

q: What's the opposite to Christopher Reeve?
a: Christopher Walken!

q: What comes after 69 ?
a: Mouthwash

q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college ?
a: Bison.

q: What is the similarity between women and square roots?
a: If they are under 16 you should just do them in your head.

q: What did the programmer say to the architect chick?
a: Wanna come back to my homepage and check out my floor plan?

q: Why do so many American kids die in school shootings?
a: They're not allowed to run in the halls.  

q: How does a farmer find a sheep in the long grass?
a: Satisfying

q: Why don't catholic priest believe in condoms?
a: Because little boys can't get pregnant.

q: what do you get when you cross a penis with a potato?
a: a dictator.

q: What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia?
a: You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.

q: What do a pulse and an orgasm have in common?
a: I don't care if she has one or not.

q: What did the cliff say to the landslide?
a: Chalk to you later. 

q: What gets louder as it gets smaller?
a: A baby in a trash compactor.

q: Who's Kony's favorite rapper?
a: Soulja Boy.

q: What do you get if you cross a black man with an octopus?
a: I don't know, but it's damn good at picking cotton.

q: Did you hear about the farmer who tried to be a stand up comedian?
a: His jokes weren't dairy funny.

q: What is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's?
a: The Iforgotto 

q: What's orange, and sounds like a parrot?
a: A carrot.

q: What did the conspiracy theorist use as his breakup line?
a: Baby, I'm sorry, but I can't be with someone who's as real as the Moon landing...

q: How many Freudian analysts does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to change the lightbulb, and the other to hold the penis -- LADDER. I meant ladder.

q: Heard of The Gay Martini?
a: they're pretty strong. You drink just one and you can't see straight.

q: What's Hitler's favorite game?
a: Meincraft

q: What the beat part about having sex with twenty-one year olds?
a: There's twenty of them!

q: What's the best way to kill a one-legged fox?
a: You make him run across Canada...

q: What's the difference between an incontinent person and a 1980's Renault?
a: One's a leaker, one's a Le Car.

q: What do you call a communist who's good with a rifle?
a: A marxman.

q: So, did you hear what Lateesha get on her SATs?
a: Barbecue sauce.

q: What's the hardest part about eating a vegtable?
a: The wheelchair.

q: What do you call Charlie Sheen having sex with his brother?
a: Emilio Incestevez

q: Heard about the baby seal who walked into a club?
a: ba doom doom cha!

q: What holiday do Jewish bridges celebrate?
a: Passover.

q: What's the best time to go to a dentist?
a: Two thirty

q: What to hear a joke?
a: Women's Sports.

q: Why couldn't the hipster get off?
a: He'd only masturbate before it was hard!

q: Facepalm?
a: Is that FaceTime for blind people?

q: Why hasn't there been a woman on the moon yet?
a: it doesn't need cleaned.

q: How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: Just one, but they have to do it during dinner.

q: Who Killed Cap'n Crunch ?
a: A serial killer.

q: What do you call a stick that's good at algebra..?
a: AN ARITHMESTICK.

q: Did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church?
a: The priest caught him by the organ

q: What's the difference between a muslim sex-doll & a christian sex-doll?
a: The muslim sex-doll blows ITSELF up.

q: What do you feed a gay horse?
a: haaaayyyyy!

q: Why don't you play UNO with a Mexican?
a: Because they steal all the green cards 

q: How do you turn a link on r/jokes purple?
a: You choke the shit out of him

q: Have you heard the joke about the 13-inch ruler?
a: Never mind. It's too long.

q: What has 4 legs and 1 arm?
a: A pit bull.

q: Why did the USAS with frag rounds fall over?
a: Because it was... imbalanced.

q: How does a sea urchin search the internet?
a: sea urchingine

q: What do you call a gang of Country musicians jamming the shit out of some good ol' music?
a: A twang-bang

q: What do you call a midget psychic running from the law?
a: A small medium at large.

q: Why are Paris's streets lined with trees?
a: German soldiers like to march in the shade.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who tried eating his clone?
a: He was getting ahead of himself.

q: Buddy: Why don't women want to have sex in the morning?
a: Me: Dunno Buddy: You ever try to open a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: Why do people wash their clothes in Tide?
a: Because it's too cold out tide.

q: Shortest joke ever?
a: "Pretentious? Moi?"

q: Where do epileptic midgets go for pizza?
a: Little Caeser's

q: What's the difference between menstrual blood and sand?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: What's the difference between menstrual fluid and sand?
a: You can't gargle sand.

q: What's the difference between a Volvo and a Mercedes?
a: Princess Diana wouldn't be caught dead in a Volvo

q: What do you call that useless skin around the penis?
a: A man....

q: What do you call a former lacrosse player?
a: Ex Lax.

q: What sport is played in Spanish churches?
a: La Cross

q: How do you make a cat go 'woof'?
a: Douse it in gasoline and set it alight.

q: What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community?
a: Respectacle

q: What is written on Ronald McDonald's gravestone?
a: McRIP

q: Hear about the first Polish athlete to win an Olympic gold medal?
a: He was so proud, he had it bronzed.

q: What's the difference between you and Dick Clark?
a: At least that dick had a stroke.   Thank you Hard times of RJ Berger

q: What's the difference between toilet paper and the shower curtain?
a: So you're the one.... (only if you answered "i don't know")

q: What's good on pizza, but not on pussy?
a: crust.

q: Jason Russel's been caught masturbating in public?
a: Well, I guess it was Kony a matter of time before he fucked up.

q: Why does everyone hate Harkonnen web-devs?
a: Divs within Divs within Divs ...

q: How do you make a space party?
a: How do you make a space party? -You PLANet

q: My pick-up line used to be "Hey babe, I'm a hotspot. Wanna log-on"?
a: doesn't work anymore, now they just yell at me "fuck off you homeless begger".

q: What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine?
a: You can throw your load in a washing machine and it won't follow you around for two weeks afterward

q: Q: how can you tell it is almost St. Patrick's day?
a: A: Everyone is taking out their Paddy-o furniture.

q: What's Irish and never comes inside?
a: Patty O'Furniture.

q: Why does Reddit hate Pilipinos?
a: Everybody hates Pilipinos.

q: Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic?
a: He wanders through life wondering if there is a dog

q: Why won't men perform oral on women the morning after sex?
a: Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?

q: Donkey kong, king kong, and a smart blonde fight on top of the empire state building. Who wins?
a: None of them, they don't exist!

q: Who is Joseph Kony's favorite rapper?
a: Soulja Boy

q: What did the midget say in the crowded elevator?
a: You guys are a bunch of assholes. 

q: What did the samurai do...?
a: Q: What did the samurai do when he was dishonored by his inability to complete the crossword puzzle? A: He committed ritual sudoku. 

q: what's the difference between a condom and your mother?
a: A condom wasn't on my dick last night

q: What do you call a guy with no legs at your front door?
a: Matt

q: What do you get when you watch 'Cinderella' backwards?
a: A woman in her place...

q: Did you hear about the married Amish woman having an affair?
a: She loved two Mennonite.

q: what did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
a: same time next month? (hopefully not a repost)

q: Why do Irishmen hate Kia?
a: Because gingers don't have Souls.

q: Why do Apple computer users always tell sexist jokes?
a: Because they aren't PC

q: what do bad sex and the heimlich maneuver have in common?
a: Both start out with lots of excitement, but then everyone is just relieved when its over

q: What does watching golf and a giant spinning dildo have in common?
a: They both bore the fuck out of you.

q: Why are the buses in London red?
a: You'd be too if you came every 10 minutes.

q: Why don't women need to go to college?
a: Because it doesn't take four years to learn how to make a sandwich.

q: Did you guys hear the one about the mascara and the lipstick?
a: The relationship was alright, but the make-up sex was amazing.

q: What do 9 out of 10 people call a good time?
a: Gang rape.

q: What do you call a helicopter with no radar and no windows?
a: A Helenkelicopter.

q: what do you call a sleep-walking nun?
a: A Roman Catholic

q: What do you call people who rely on the "safe period" for contraception?
a: -Parents

q: What do you call it when Kony drinks too much?
a: Cognac

q: what was Hitler's favourite drink?
a: mountain dew

q: Did you guys hear about the C++ developer that wanted to become a famous actor?
a: He kept getting type cast.

q: Why did email come easy to the lumberjack?
a: He was already very familiar with loggin'  :D

q: Why did the accountant go crazy?
a: He started to hear invoices in his head.

q: What do you call a group of African superheroes?
a: The Jaundice League

q: How did the 3 legged frog get across the 4 lane freeway?
a: Take the F out of Free, and the F out of way and you'll have your answer.

q: Why did the former porn actor get fired from his job as a gas station attendant?
a: Right before the tanks were full, he would pull out the nozzle and spray gas all over the car.

q: what do hookers and guns have in common?
a: the customer wants the most bang for their buck.

q: What's the difference between Santa Claus & Michael Jackson?
a: one comes when children dream & the other dreams of children coming*.

q: How do dinosaurs smell?
a: Ex-stinky

q: What's the difference between an Irish Funeral and an Irish Wedding?
a: One less drunk person.

q: What does David Bowie do after he gets out of the swimming pool?
a: He ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-changes.  (Sorry if repost)

q: What did the Earth say to the Earthquake?
a: Sorry...that was my fault. 

q: How can you tell when a mechanic just had sex?
a: One of his fingers is clean

q: Did you hear about the farmer's daughter who was sent home from the county fair?
a: She couldn't keep her calves together.

q: What is Pedobear's favorite time of the day?
a: When the big hand touches the little hand.

q: What do you call a black neurosurgeon?
a: A Doctor you fucking racist.

q: What did the tampon say to the other?
a: Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.

q: have i ever told you your smile reminds me of a song?
a: black and yellow

q: What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change?
a: The double slit experiment.

q: Why do black people have such big dicks?
a: So they have something to play with on christmas. -inappropriate, but i think its funny. 

q: How many Tourette's syndrome sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Damn fuck shit screw you dickhead just one asshole twat cocksucker.

q: What do black coffee and Ginger Baker have in common?
a: They're both terrible without cream.

q: What do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend?
a: Homeless

q: What did the doctor call his new metal band?
a: Inflamed 

q: How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman?
a: Shit in her cunt.

q: What do Michael Jackson and Santa Claus have in common?
a: They both leave little boys rooms with empty sacks.

q: What happens when you give a politician Viagra?
a: He gets taller.

q: What's the best thing about getting Reddit at a young age?
a: Getting tired of sandwich jokes before embarrassing oneself on one's first date.

q: What did the hippie say when I asked him to leave my house?
a: Nah, I'm-a stay. 

q: What's the hottest thing in China right now?
a: A Tibetan monk on fire. 

q: How do you get a musician off of your porch?
a: You pay for the pizza.

q: What's the difference between heroin and the cast of the jersey shore?
a: I wouldn't shoot heroin.

q: What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor?
a: Make me one with everything.

q: What's the difference between a musician and a large pizza?
a: The pizza can feed a family of 4.

q: Guess who I bumped into today at the opticians?
a: Everyone.

q: What do you have when there's balls on your chest?
a: Chestnuts What do you have when there's balls on your chin? A dick in your mouth. 

q: Where do sperm go to die when you jack off?
a: The sementary.

q: How do you know when spring is here?
a: the Leafs are out!

q: What do you call a Honry Micheal J Fox?
a: A Viberator

q: What is the difference between Coors Light and a lake?
a: The can

q: Why was the detective excited when he found a thimble sized crown?
a: He was looking for Finger Prince. (Say it out loud if you don't get it.)

q: What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.?
a: What Is Difference Between Bomb And Condom.? In A Bomb Blast Population Decrease.. * But. . * In A Condom Blast Population Increase..!

q: What do bees who are allergic to honey get?
a: Hives.

q: Why do women get periods?
a: Because they deserve it

q: What's the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south?
a: Nothing. Someone's losing a trailer either way.

q: Why can't you hear my grandma when she's taking a piss?
a: 'coz her pussy is hanging in the water!!

q: What do Jews call a lone rabbit?
a: A rabbi. 

q: What's the worst thing about eating vegetables?
a: The wheelchair

q: How do you define necrophilia?
a: The urge to crack open a cold one

q: How is giving oral sex similar to smoking a cigarette?
a: The flavor gets stronger the closer you get to the butt.

q: Whats the worst part about a threesome?
a: Watching your parents fuck

q: Anyone know any good Batman and Robbin jokes?
a: A girls I work with claims to know them all and I need to win this :D

q: Did you hear Helen Keller was an atheist?
a: I guess she never saw the light. 

q: What do princess Diana and pink Floyd have in common?
a: their biggest hits were both the wall

q: Why did the hipster die?
a: He thought breathing was too mainstream

q: Whats up r/jokes?
a: Not march.

q: What do you call piss from the continent?
a: Ureapean / Urinepean.

q: Why do women get yeast infections?
a: So they can know how it feels to live with an irritating cunt! 

q: Q: Why did the easter egg hide?
a: A: Because it was a little chicken on the inside.

q: What kind of bird is the best pornstar?
a: A swallow.

q: What's brown, and rhymes with snoop?
a: Dr. Dre

q: What do you call a Mexican Miget?
a: A paragraph Cause he's to small to be an ess

q: Do you know why there are no jokes about the Jonestown Massacre?
a: The punchline is too long.

q: Whats the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a women's track team?
a: A tribe of pygmies is a bunch of cunning runts.

q: What are children generally better at then adults?
a: Giving the pope an errection

q: How do rabbits fly?
a: In hareplanes.

q: How do you make a 4 year old girl cry twice?
a: Wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear. 

q: What do you call a black guy who fly's a plane for a living?
a: A PILOT you fucking racist!

q: Why did the man snort Dr. Pepper?
a: He thought it was Coke!

q: Why do we need to go to college?
a: Student: Why do we need to go to college? Teacher: So we can get a high paying job Student: Why do we need a high paying job Teacher: So we can get lots of money Student: Why do we need lots of money Teacher: So we can pay off our college loans

q: Subreddit for cleanjokes?
a: Anyone know of one? TIA

q: Q: What happens when you eat bullets?
a: A: Your hair grows out in bangs.

q: Why did the boy drop his ice cream cone?
a: He got hit by a bus!

q: What's Ja Rule's favorite type of bread?
a: Challah!

q: What did Michael Jackson say at the bank?
a: "Make that change" 

q: Did you hear about the man who got his entire left side of his body mauled off by a bear?
a: He's all right now.

q: What did constipated Yoda say to his fecal impaction?
a: "I shit you not."

q: Why are Women like buses?
a: You wait all day for one then find out 48 other people in the local area have been riding on her.

q: How many skateboarders does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to screw it in and one to film it. One, but it takes him fifty tries.

q: You know what they say about prostitution?
a: It's not really work if you love who you do.

q: What is orange and hangs in my backyard?
a: My nigger and I can paint him any color I want.

q: What did the baby seal order for lunch?
a: The club sandwich.

q: What's your favourite colour?
a: I love green 'cos it reminds me of blue.

q: What's the ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter?
a: Eskimo pi.

q: Why did the pedophile cross the road?
a: He found out he was actually 991 feet from the playground. 

q: How does a mermaid give a man head?
a: She blows him out of the water

q: What's Mitt Romney's favorite make of vehicle?
a: A Mack truck, because it already has a little dog on top.

q: What is the difference between a Ritz cracker and a lesbian?
a: One is a snack cracker and the other is a crack snacker.

q: Did you hear about the eagle that performed a piano concerto?
a: The applause was quite raptor-ous!

q: Why did the male feminist take a cold shower?
a: His other attempts to get his dick wet didn't work.

q: What is a ginger author doing when they plant a misleading clue in their book?
a: Red hairing.

q: Favourite one-liner?
a: "stationary shop moves" - Jimmy Carr  "I keep my porno tapes in my sock drawer, it's all you need in one place" - Jason Manford

q: What's the difference between 10 dead hookers and a Porsche?
a: I   have a Porsche in my garage.

q: What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole?
a: What kind of file do you need to turn a 8mm hole into a 40mm hole? A pedophile

q: Did you hear the Energizer bunny got arrested?
a: He was charged with battery.

q: What's the difference between a feminist and a dentist's drill?
a: One causes a lot of pain and makes a constant high pitched whine. The other is a useful piece of medical equipment.

q: What does a nine-volt battery and a woman's asshole have in common?
a: Eventually, you're going to put your tongue on both.

q: Why did the worker at the M&M factory get fired?
a: ...he threw out the W's

q: Why is money green?
a: Jews pick it before its ripe.

q: When did you stop beating your wife?
a: When we stopped having masturbation races.

q: What's the difference between a job and a wife?
a: After 10 years, the job still sucks. 

q: What's white, big and could kill you if it fell out of a tree?
a: A fridge.

q: Did you hear about the pathological liar who went to see the doctor for constipation?
a: He was full of shit

q: Why is a divorce so expensive?
a: Because it's worth it.

q: Why did Farmer John let his grapes go dry?
a: He had his raisins . . .

q: What concert only costs 45 cents?
a: 50 cent featuring Nickleback.

q: Whats the difference between a prostitute and a bowling ball?
a: You cant fit a prostitute in a bowling ball

q: What does an airplane and a female have in common?
a: They both have cockpits.

q: What do Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson have in common?
a: They both spent a fortune making their noses more white.

q: Why did Hitler have a vitamin C deficiency?
a: He hated juice.

q: Why did hitler get an A in chemistry?
a: He always knew the final solution!

q: Where did William Tell take his garbage?
a: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!

q: What's smokey the bear's middle name?
a: The.

q: How are women and cigarettes similar?
a: The taste changes as you get closer to the butt.

q: What did Whitney Houston's coroner say as he unbuckled his belt?
a: It's not right, but it's OK 

q: What's the worst thing about challenging an unjust law?
a: Failing to get away.

q: What did the couch say to the armchair?
a: Don't worry, I pull out.

q: What's a bicyclists favorite letter?
a: A! (hands raised up)

q: Why do blonde girls have bruises on their belly buttons?
a: Because blonde guys are stupid too! 

q: Why does it take so long for a pro-lifer to screw in a lightbulb?
a: They love to watch mistakes being made.

q: What's your favorite blonde joke?
a: What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you smack it, the mosquito stops sucking.

q: Why did Mozart hate chickens?
a: Because they all they ever say is Bach! Bach! Bach!

q: What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pool?
a: Fucked

q: What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Amy Winehouse?
a: About 204 days.

q: What's the difference between Whitney Houston and Houston, TX?
a: Houston, TX will once again reach 98 degrees. 

q: What was Whitney Houston's biggest hit?
a: Her last one

q: Why was the girl stuck in the revolving door for two weeks?
a: cuz she couldn't find the door handle

q: Did you hear about the jewish guy?
a: Did you hear about the jewish guy that walked into a wall with a boner? He broke his nose.

q: What do Whitney Houston and Antarctica have in common?
a: 100% chance of snow 

q: What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse?
a: An horse.

q: What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston?
a: My car can hit 50.

q: What the difference between Jelly and Jam?
a: I can't jelly my dick up your ass.

q: What is 6" long and not getting sucked this Valentine's day?
a: Whitney Houston's crack pipe

q: Where does Charlie Sheen shop?
a: At Winners.

q: What is a bear after it is 10 years old?
a: 11 years old.

q: What's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has?
a: Baby kangaroos.

q: What's the difference between Whitney houston and my car?
a: My car can make it to 50.

q: What do a slinky and your mother in law have in common?
a: They're both fun to watch tumble down stairs.

q: What should you do if you're in the jungle and come upon a tiger?
a: Say you're sorry, wipe him off, and run.

q: What is the leading cause of pedophilia in America?
a: Sexy children.

q: what do you call a communist in a hurry?
a: A soviet rushin! (wackady shmackady doo)

q: What do you call a large predatory bird with poor social skills?
a: Hawkward

q: What's a control freaks favorite macro?
a: Control+U

q: What do you call a square peg that wonders if it could plug a round hole?
a: Pi-curious.

q: Did you hear about the circus fire in your area recently?
a: Police reports state that it was intense. One of my favorite jokes for a long time; great if asked seriously to people you know. Bonus Balloons! 

q: What's the difference between Ozzy Osborne and Whitney Houston?
a: One plays hard rock, the other is rock hard.

q: What is Pink and lies on the doormat?
a: Whitney Houston's Valentines Day Cards

q: What's the difference between Whitney Houston and my car?
a: My car can hit 50

q: What do you call the person that cleans the Mafia's hotel rooms?
a: A maid man.

q: What happens when you mix roofies and Viagra?
a: Ring toss.

q: What do you get when you cross a squirrel with a Hummer?
a: A gray and red hairy paste.

q: Is syphilis forever?
a: Or is it kinda like... Clap on, Clap off?

q: What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a terrorist?
a: You can negotiate with a terrorist

q: How many black guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one - you fucking bigot.

q: What do you call rich Mexicans?
a: The Juan percent.

q: What's the difference between a horse?
a: The orange has handlebars

q: What would Kim Jong-Il be doing if he was still alive today?
a: Scratching at the lid of his coffin.

q: What do sperm and politicians have in common?
a: About 1 in every 500 or 600 million have a chance at becoming human.

q: why should you never sleep with a female beekeper?
a: she might give you herbees

q: Why is Yoda Programming full of exceptions ?
a: Because there is no try. 

q: What does being questioned by interpol have in common with cunnilingus?
a: What does being questioned by interpol have in common with cunnilingus? One slip of the tongue and you're in the shit

q: How many musos does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: It's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...

q: Are you going to buy something this time? Or are you "just curious"?
a: Let's just say I'm buy-curious.

q: What is the name of a bag pipe band that likes to play while jumping on squares?
a: hopscotts.

q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros?
a: Eleph-ino

q: Did you hear about the man with the five penises?
a: His Condoms fit like a glove.

q: What does a cyborg order at a diner?
a: A Cyborger

q: What's the difference between Saddam Hussein and Sperm?
a: One comes from Baghdad and the other ones comes from Dads bag.

q: Know how much a pirate pays for corn?
a: Bucaneer

q: What did the father buffalo say when his son went off to college?
a: "Bison."

q: What do you call a fish with diarrhea?
a: A Pooper Grouper!!!!!

q: Why aren't there any Mexican astronauts?
a: Because whenever they hear the world "launch", they go get something to eat.

q: What is Green and Oblong?
a: A well disguised orange!

q: What's worse than a bee sting?
a: Two bee stings What's worse than two bee stings? The Holocaust What's worse than the Holocaust? Three bee stings

q: How did the pig get to the hospital?
a: in a hambulance.

q: How can you tell if the kid that stole your bike is half black and half polish?
a: He's running down the street with the bike under his arm.

q: What's worse than eating out your grandmother?
a: Banging your head on the coffin lid.

q: Did you hear about the bear that fell into water and disappeared?
a: He was polar.

q: Q: Why are the citizens of Damascus so solemn when talking about oil?
a: A: Because it's Syria's business. (cross-post from   by request)

q: How many Potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
a: None.

q: How do you call it when a girl kicks a boy in the groin during the first date?
a: Premature emasculation.

q: Did you hear about the hipster who burnt his tongue?
a: He took a bite before it was cool. 

q: What are the four fastest hands in the world?
a: ...when it slips out.

q: Why is crack a "Rock"?
a: Because it's as hard to get off as Alcatraz.

q: What's it called when an Asian man gives his best friend head?
a: A bro job.

q: Why did the farmer sit on a cock ?
a: Because he was gay. 

q: What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces?
a: Natural logs.

q: How do I know we are going to have sex tonight?
a: Because, I'm stronger then you are.

q: So, did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: What do you call a guy with a toe growing out of his knee?
a: Tony.

q: What's grey, has one leg, sits at the end of your bed and takes the piss out of you?
a: A kidney dialysis machine.

q: Why did the Sheikh cross the road?
a: To get to the other wife.

q: What's the difference between a Greyhound station & a Crab with boobs?
a: One's a crusty bus station... The other's a busty crustacean. 

q: What do you call a girl who's sitting in the middle of a tennis court?
a: Annette.

q: What happened to the horse that ate a duracell battery?
a: He went on furlong-er.

q: New subreddit. Anyone interested in humour in French/French humour?
a: I know by times it's difficult to grasp foreign humour but please feel free to ask for clarification what we as French see funny.  To advanced learners it might serve as a confirmation and incite them to improve further.

q: What's worse than a lobster on your piano?
a: Crabs on your organ.

q: What is the sound of a homophobic magician?
a: "POOF!"

q: How can you tell the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia?
a: Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called a teethbrush.

q: Whats the best part of fuckin a pregnant woman?
a: you get a handjob at the same time

q: What kind of concert costs 45cents?
a: 50cent feat. Nickelback

q: Why did the girl fall out of the swing?
a: Because she didn't have arms. 

q: What do you call a all female flight crew?
a: A box office

q: What did the Pope say when he first saw the Shroud of Turin?
a: Holy Sheet!

q: What did Kim Jong Il call his Kindle?
a: The Dear Reader.

q: How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb...?
a: ...to get to the other side

q: How can you tell if someone uses Apple products?
a: Just wait and they'll tell you.

q: What do you call a Rastafarian Police Officer?
a: Jamaican Bacon...

q: Why did the prostitute had a second vagina transplanted on her hip?
a: So she could make money on the side.

q: Why don't lobsters share their dinner?
a: Because they're shellfish!!!

q: So Twilight jokes - What does a vampire call a used tampon?
a: A teabag.

q: Why did Princess Diana Cross the Road?
a: She wasn't buckled in.

q: How many dubstep fans does it take to clean a shower?
a: 100. 1 to actually clean the shower, and 99 to stand around and talk about how filthy it is.

q: What's the difference between Tiger Woods and Princess Diana?
a: Tiger Woods had a better driver! 

q: What does Canadian Fonzie say?
a: Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey, Eh?

q: How do you stop a small dog from humping your leg?
a: You pick it up and suck its dick!

q: Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's?
a: Because of the holes in his hands.

q: Why does Lebron James drive automatic?
a: He has no clutch.

q: What do sea mammals say when something happens against their kind?
a: Oh, the huge-manatee

q: Hear about the farmer that stepped on a rake?
a: He had two acres.

q: Why do fat girls give great head?
a: Because they have to

q: How did the white girl get pregnant?
a: Her teacher told her to do an essay. (ese)

q: [One liner] How do you make an archaeolgist mad?
a: Give him a bloody tampon and ask him what period its from.

q: What noise does a ceiling fan make?
a: GO CEILING!!! WHOOOHOOO!!!! YOUR NUMBER ONE!! YAY, CEILING RULES!!!

q: What did the guy Zebra say to the girl Zebra?
a: Take ze bra off.

q: How many performance artists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: I don't know either, I walked out early too.

q: What do you call pasta sex?
a: pennetration.

q: how do you tell the difference between an extroverted engineer and an introverted engineer?
a: the extroverted engineer looks at   shoes.

q: Why do Germans make such good cars?
a: To try and make up for the Holocaust.

q: Where do people with one leg work at?
a: and what are the employees names?

q: What's your best limerick?
a: There once was a fellow McSweeny  Who spilled some gin on his weenie Just to be couth  He added vermouth  Then slipped his girlfriend a martini 

q: What is French Super Mario's favorite board game?
a: Le Ouija

q: Why did a scarecrow win a Nobel prize?
a: because he was outstanding in his field.

q: What did the guy with 6 children say to the guy with six felonies?
a: I don't know; they were speaking Spanish.

q: Whats the opposite of progress?
a: Congress

q: How can you tell if you're in Detroit or across the river in Windsor Ontario Canada?
a: Stand in the middle of the street. If someone yells, "hey, get out of the street" you're in the US.  If they yell, "get out of the street, eh" you're in Canada

q: What did the pirate say after he pulled a steering wheel out of his pants?
a: "It's driving me nuts!"

q: Why was Hitler so obsessed about getting into heaven?
a: Because there were 6 million Jews waiting for him in hell.

q: How do you know a black woman is pregnant?
a: When she pulls out the tampon, the cotton's been picked clean.

q: What's the difference between Bud Light and piss?
a: The vortex bottle

q: What do you call a pissed-off Founding Father?
a: A Cranky-Doodle-Dandy!

q: What is gray, has a trunk, and big ears?
a: A mouse going on vacation.

q: What do Nascar and a Kinko's dumpster have in common?
a: They're both filled with white trash. -&y

q: What concert can you get in with just 45 cents?
a: 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.

q: What's an otaku's favorite transition metal?
a: Manga-nese!

q: How is Bud Light like sex on the beach?
a: they're both fucking close to water

q: How can you tell baseball players are smarter than football players?
a: When was the last time you saw a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?

q: What's the difference between a lawyer and whore?
a: The lawyer can't guarantee to get you off. 

q: What do you call an Indian dating service?
a: Connect the dots.

q: Why are so many Germans into scat?
a: Because they appreciate the creativity and artistry of Ella Fitzgerald, and enjoy listening to her music..... while pooping on each other.

q: Why did God kick Joe Paterno out of Heaven?
a: ....because he picked Michael Jackson as his new assistant coach.

q: What's white and crawls up your leg?
a: Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice

q: What's the difference between a hockey team and a Russian woman?
a: The hockey team showers after three periods.

q: How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear?
a: How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "F*ck"? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "BINGO"

q: How many Russians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two. One to screw it in, and one to shoot him if he does it wrong.

q: Hey, what's the difference between reddit and LOTR?
a: In the books and movies, the trolls didn't type.

q: What is the most exciting sport in the world?
a: Camping. Its in tents.

q: what did mick jagger say when he caught hugh hefner and dennis weaver in the bedroom together?
a: hey, hugh, get off of mccloud.

q: How come NASCAR drivers don't get along with each other?
a: Because they're racists. (Race-ists)

q: How do you get an elephant out of a Safeway?
a: You take the ' ' out of ' ', and the ' ' out of ' '.

q: Whats 10 inches?
a: What's 10 inches, has a big red head and makes my girlfriend cry when i put it in her mouth? Her miscarriage 

q: Did you hear about the giant that threw up?
a: It's all over town.

q: Have you heard the watermelon joke?
a: It's pitiful.

q: Hear about the oriental tailor that got arrested for being too arrogant with his customers?
a: He was always feeling cocky.

q: What do you call a urinary tract infection caused in a virgin?
a: Immaculate Infection

q: Which French novelist looked like a scrotum?
a: Balzac

q: What do you call an Irishman with no arms and no legs on a pool table?
a: Rick O'Shay

q: Why was the hipster sweating?
a: ...He wore a scarf before it was cool.

q: What did Helen Keller name her dog?
a: akjnveoajknoea

q: What did Picard say to Riker when the knitting machine wouldn't print single digits?
a: Make it sew number 1!

q: Did you hear about the Chinese-German restaurant?
a: Great food but half an hour later, you are hungry for power.

q: Why are Jew's noses so big?
a: Because air is free.

q: What's the difference between soap and SOPA?
a: You won't get fucked if you drop SOPA.

q: What did the Mexican Firefighter name his two children?
a: Jose and Hose B

q: How many irish men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Two, One to hold the light and, one to drink until the room starts spinning!

q: What do you call a dead baby floating in the middle of the ocean?
a: Bait.

q: Do you know why they put cotton balls in the top of prescription bottles?
a: To remind black people that they picked cotton before they sold drugs.

q: How do you catch a polar bear?
a: Go to the north pole and dig a hole in the ice. Set some peas around the hole and when the polar bear comes to take a pea, you kick it in the  ice-hole.

q: Did you hear the one about the deaf kid?
a: Neither did he.

q: How do you upset a plumber?
a: Kidnap his princess.

q: What do you call white grand parents?
a: Graham-crackers... "wokka wokka"

q: What's pink, bubbling and tapping on glass?
a: a baby in a microwave.

q: What is made of wood and sticky?
a: ...a Stick!

q: What to Australian Trains use as fuel?
a: Coal-Ala

q: When does the narwhal bacon?
a: Not on January 18th.

q: What has wheels and is green?
a: Grass, I lied about the wheels.

q: What was the aardvark's favorite Lady Gaga song?
a: Just Ants. Credit: My friend, the PUNisher.

q: How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle?
a: Nail it's other hand to the floor.

q: Why do bicycles fall over?
a: Because they are two tired.

q: What was the smoking bee full of?
a: Nicosting!

q: What do Shakespearian Buddhists eat for breakfast?
a: Om and cheese Hamlets.

q: Whats big and green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
a: A pool table.

q: How do you find Will Smith after a snowstorm?
a: Just look for the fresh prints.

q: What did the left nut say to the right nut?
a: Don't talk to the guy in the middle, he's a dick

q: Who was Michael Jackson?
a: Son: Dad, is God man or a woman? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God black or white? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God good or bad? Dad: His both, son. Son: Dad, is God - Michael Jackson?

q: How do you fit an elephant in a thimble?
a: You take the "I" out of "thimble" and the "F" out of "way."

q: What does GOP mean?
a: "GOP" is onomatopoeic: it's the sound of anonymous penetration in public bathrooms late at night. -&y

q: Vintage Joke: What's yellow and writes?
a: A ball point banana!

q: Want to hear a joke about the Nazis?
a: Not Reich now.

q: What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal?
a: Synonym Toast Crunch

q: What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man?
a: What did the Vietnamese architect say to the Chinese post man? CHING CHONG 

q: What did the sushi say to the bee?
a: Wassabee?!?!

q: What's the difference between a bad archer, and a constipated owl?
a: Well, the first one shoots and shoots and never hits... whilst the second one hoots and hoots, and never shits! (aaaaand queue the skyrim references in 3...2...1...)

q: what did the ocean say to the other ocean ?
a: nothing they just waved. 

q: Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine and wooden wheels?
a: It wooden move.

q: How does an engineer screw a light-bulb?
a: He holds the light-bulb over the socket and waits for the world to revolve around him.

q: If two wrongs do not make a right, What do two rights make?
a: An airplane! haha Wright brothers :-) I made this joke when I was in Junior high

q: What is Santa Claus' favorite metal band?
a: Sleigher

q: How can you tell if a potato is baked?
a: It's   are all red and glossy.

q: How do you make Holy water?
a: You boil the Hell out of it.

q: What was left in the bathroom on the starship Enterprise?
a: The Captain's Log.

q: What do a frozen beer, a burnt pizza, and a pregnant girl have in common?
a: Failure to pull out in time

q: Why was the young strawberry crying?
a: His parents were in a jam.

q: What do you call a stork that doesn't bring babies?
a: A swallow

q: What is the difference between an oil painting and Jesus?
a: It only takes one nail to hang an oil painting.

q: Did you hear about the agnostic insomniac with tourettes?
a: He was up all last night wondering if there is a cunt.

q: What's the difference between James Dean and Jimmy Dean?
a: Jimmy Dean is sausage in the skillet, James Dean was hamburger on the road.

q: What's the difference between a lesbian and a sperm whale?
a: Fifty pounds and a flannel shirt.

q: What's the most common blood type in Canada?
a: Eh.

q: Why was Aron Ralston arrested by the FBI?
a: For giving arms to Iraq. 

q: What is ET short for?
a: He's only got those little legs. 

q: What did the tree say to the math teacher?
a: Gee I'm a tree!

q: What's the difference between a Genealogist and a gynecologist?
a: A genealogist looks up your family tree. A gynecologist looks up your family bush.

q: Is it okay to kiss a nun?
a: Sure, a long as you don't get in the habit. 

q: What's the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic?
a: Going inside and asking for a coat hanger.

q: How many Tourette's sufferers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Fuck you god damn shit cunt just one of us asshole bitch bastard!

q: Why don't Junior League debutantes engage in group sex?
a: Too many thank you notes to write afterwards.

q: What is the hardeast part about eating vegetables?
a: Their wheelchairs

q: Have you heard the new hipster joke?
a: No? I just got it on vinyl

q: What's the difference between a toddler and a handgun?
a: A handgun can't suck a dick.

q: What did one train track say to the opposite track?
a: Wanna race?

q: Anybody wanna play Pearl Harbour?
a: I lay down and you blow me to heavens!

q: What's the difference between Andrew Dice Clay and a nintendo cartridge?
a: The nintendo cartridge has steadily gotten more blowjobs since the 80s. 

q: Did you hear about the hipster compound?
a: It's ionic.

q: What do worms and girls have in common?
a: They both squirm when you eat them

q: Why should you never trust a whale with your secrets?
a: They're huge blubbermouths.

q: What did the midget get when he ran under the strippers legs?
a: A flap in the face. 

q: Are you fu*** crazy?
a: A squirrel with a nut having sex. Another squirrel sees her and asks: "Are you fucking crazy?" "No, I'm fucking nuts!"

q: Anybody Home?
a: Anybody Home? Yes, I am alone come in (house wife) Husband: WTF!  (who came early from the office)

q: What's harder than beating Alabama twice?
a: Beating LSU once, Geaux Tigers!!!

q: What did the male elephant say to his buddy when a female elephant passed by?
a: Thirty six thousand, twenty four thousand, thirty six thousand, wow!

q: How many teamsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 19 . Got a problem with that?

q: What did the Egyptian boy say to the Egyptian girl?
a: Come behind the pyramid, I'll make you a mummy

q: Why did the newspaper cross the street?
a: To get to the other side of the story.

q: What do a 14 year old and an open bucket of bleach have in common?
a: For twenty bucks either'll take care of your toddler. -&y (yup, mine)

q: Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes?
a: Because he uses the best ingredients.

q: What do you call it when a cow goes on holiday?
a: A vaccation

q: How do you know when your at a gay barbecue?
a: When all the hot dogs taste like shit.

q: What do yeast and a redneck have in common?
a: They're both usually found with beer and inbred. -&y (written by moi)

q: What's the similarity between free healthcare and good jokes?
a: Americans don't get them.

q: How much coke can Charlie Sheen do?
a: Enough to kill two and a half men

q: How many aspiring actresses does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: I don't know - normally they screw in the casting director's hot tub

q: What's the temperature inside a tauntaun?
a: Luke warm.

q: What do a pizza guy and a gynecologist have in common?
a: They both smell it but they can't eat it.

q: Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets?
a: Q: Why do little girls carry goldfish in their pockets? A: To smell like big girls.

q: What did the dope dealer say after he got a colonic?
a: I don't got shit.

q: What should you do with a burning Kotex?
a: Throw it on the ground and tamp on it.

q: What kind of soda did Moses drink?
a: Mountain Jew!

q: What do you call it when you think deeply about something you just saw on reddit?
a: Redditation. I am so sorry... that was horrible.

q: [SKYRIM JOKE] Why didn't the Nords win the theater audition?
a: They should have acted.

q: Why did the hipster decide to drown himself in the tributary?
a: He didn't want to be mainstream.

q: Did you guys hear about the butcher who backed up into his meat grinder?
a: I hear he got alittle behind in his work

q: How do you make antifreeze?
a: Take away her blanket!

q: Can a cigar box?
a: No, but a tin can.

q: Why was the lifeguard unable to save the hippie from drowning in the ocean?
a: He was too  .

q: What is a ninja's favorite beverage?
a: WA-TAHHHHH! Edit:   and   are correct... Ninjas are silent killers. So, it should read: "What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage."

q: what do you call a closet full of lesbians?
a: a liquor closet

q: Can someone give me an arrow?
a: I knee'd it.

q: What time do Lumberjacks take their tea-break?
a: TREE O'clock!

q: What did the first lesbian vampire say to the second lesbian vampire?
a: See you next month.

q: How many Chuck Norris' does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: None, no light bulb dare go out in the presence of Chuck Norris. 

q: What do you call a big trash can?
a: A dumpster. LOLOLOLOL

q: What do prisoners use to call each other?
a: Cell phones

q: What's the best thing about fucking a transvestite?
a: Reaching around the front and thinking, just for a second, that's it's gone all the way through

q: What do you call a same-sex lion orgy?
a: Gay Pride.

q: What happened to the dwarf who walked between a lady's legs?
a: He got a clit around the ear and a flap on the face.

q: Just made this up. What did one cannibal-rapist say to the other?
a: "Let's do lunch."

q: Did you hear about the procrastinating dictator?
a: He was stalin. 

q: What's the difference between a porcupine and a Mercedes?
a: A porcupine has the pricks on the outside.

q: What does a redneck say for foreplay?
a: "Brace yourself, Linda-Lou"

q: What's the difference between Michael Jackson and a newspaper bag?
a: One is made of plastic and poses a suffocation hazard to small children. The other one contains newspapers.

q: Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket of dirt?
a: A: The bucket.

q: What's your new years resolution?
a: Mine's 1920x1080.

q: What's a priests least favorite thing about New Years?
a: The balls drop.

q: What do you need to teach a blonde who never had an accident in 20 years?
a: Second gear.

q: What do you say to a woman with no arms or legs?
a: Nice tits!

q: What did the blind paraplegic child get for Christmas?
a: Cancer. Happy new years folks!

q: why did Princess Diana cross the road?
a: Because she wasn't wearing her seat-belt.  Stay safe tonight everyone!

q: Whhat do jellybeans and the world have in common?
a: Everyone hates the black ones!

q: Why do black people like the NBA?
a: It's the only sport where you can shoot, steal and run!

q: What did the mexican say to the Highlander?
a: There can only be Juan.

q: What do you call someone who stands on the left side of an escalator?
a: A fucking asshole.

q: What did they call Fireman Sam after he retired?
a: "That fat, selfish faggot that chose the pension over saving our lives."

q: What did they call Postman Pat after he retired?
a: Pat

q: What's Sad About Lunch in Ethiopia?
a: There is no lunch.

q: What's Beethoven's favourite fruit?
a: BA NA NA NA. BA NA NA NA.

q: How do you know when a black woman is pregnant?
a: When you pull out her tampon and all the cotton is picked.

q: What do you call a gigolo donkey?
a: Hee-Haw

q: Why do blondes prefer the pill instead the condom?
a: Because it's waaay easier to swallow

q: Q. What's brown and sticky?
a: A. A stick!

q: What is the difference between an ornithologist and a stutterer?
a: One is a bird watcher, and the other is a word botcher. 

q: Did you hear about the elephant that orgasmed?
a: It was all over town.

q: What is today's best punch line?
a: Paul christoforo

q: What is the painless frequency?
a: 0 Hz

q: Where's the red light district in Toronto?
a: Behind the Maple Leafs' net.

q: What would the Reddit political party be called?
a: The know-kn0thing party.

q: How does loose leaf watch TV?
a: Paper-view

q: How do you circumsize a blue whale?
a: Four skindivers

q: Why is Dublin the capital of Ireland?
a: Cause it keeps on Dublin and Dublin.

q: What has got two legs and bleeds?
a: Half a dog!

q: A woman gets hit by a truck. Who's fault is it?
a: The truck's fault. What was it doing in the kitchen?

q: What is the hardest part in coming out of the closet?
a: Telling your parents you are gay.

q: what's the difference between peanut butter and jam?
a: Well I can't peanut butter my dick up ur ass.

q: Whats the difference between a Jewish and a Black person?
a: About $100,000

q: Whats the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods?
a: Santa stops at 3 Ho's (sorry if it's a re-post)

q: Why is Christmas just like a day at the office ?
a: You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.

q: The difference between a greyhound station and a lobster with a boob job?
a: one is a crusty bus station.

q: What's the difference between an epileptic clamshell-shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea?
a: The clamshell-shucker shucks between fits...

q: The difference between a girl in church and a girl in the bathtub?
a: one has hope in her soul.

q: The difference between an epileptic oyster sucker and a hooker with diarrhea?
a: one shucks between fits.

q: What did Adam say on the day before Christmas?
a: It's Christmas, Eve!

q: I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas?
a: "Something to wear would be nice" she said, "but in the colour black." "Why black?" I replied. "Because it makes people looks slimmer" She's going to be pissed off when she finds out I bought her a Darth Vader costume.

q: What's Helen Keller's favorite color?
a: Corduroy.

q: How do you know a black guy's been at your computer?
a: It's not there. 

q: What's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman?
a: Snowballs.

q: What did the fat cat go to prison for?
a: Purrrjury

q: What goes Vroom!..screech..Vroom!..screech?
a: A blonde at a flashing red light.

q: Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella with him everywhere?
a: Fa Drizzle

q: how is Duct Tape like The Force?
a: It has a Dark side, a Light side and it binds the galaxy together.

q: What is the best way to circumcize a redneck?
a: Kick his sister in the jaw.

q: What is the first thing a woman should do when she gets out of the Battered Women's Shelter?
a: The dishes, if she knows what's good for her.

q: What's the only type of seafood that Sean Connery won't share?
a: Shelfish

q: What's the latest pick-up line at gay bays?
a: Hi - mind if I push in your stool?

q: How did the mathematician treat his constipation?
a: He worked it out with a pencil.

q: What's the darkest joke you know? No limits who can disgust me the most?
a: Best part of fucking 21 year olds? Theres 20 of them

q: What was Ghandi?
a: Super-callous-fragile-mystic-hexed-with-halitosis 

q: What do you call a group of physicians with erectile dysfunction?
a: Doctors Without Boners

q: What is a pedophile's favorite part of Christmas?
a: Stalking stuffers.

q: how can you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday?
a: Tell her a joke Wednesday.

q: What do you call an irritated nerd?
a: A noyd.

q: How many letters are in the alphabet during the Christmas Season?
a: Only 25...because there's Noel.

q: Why are programmers so consumeristic?
a: Because they're object oriented. 

q: What kind of car does a rich shepherd drive?
a: A Lamb-orghini!

q: What is the difference between a pub and an elephant fart?
a: One is a bar room, and one is a Barooooooooooooom!

q: Why did Kim Jong-il die a week before December 25th?
a: Because Rudolph is the only deer leader at Christmas.

q: -What do you think I should buy, a cow or a bike?
a: _You'd look pretty funny riding a cow...but you'd look much worst milking a bike

q: How many alternative school kids does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Just one, but they get extra credits for it

q: What's long and hard and screws people?
a: An exam.

q: How do you LOL in N. Korea?
a: ROR! No one raugh in North Korea!

q: Does anybody here own a five-foot penguin?
a: Guy runs into a bar in a panic. "Does anybody here own a five-foot penguin?" he yells. Everyone looks around and shakes their heads no. "Oh fuck" says the guy, "I think I just ran over a nun."

q: Kim Jong il is dead?
a: I guess that's the end of HIS Korea.

q: Osama, Ghaddafi, and Kim Jong Il?
a: Santa must be taking his naughty list a tad seriously this year.

q: Why is a violin difficult to play?
a: Because it is fiddly!

q: Why was Yoda afraid of the number Seven ... ?
a: ... because 

q: What is the best day to wear an asshat?
a: Sunday, because it's so holy.

q: What's the difference between a French kiss and an Australian kiss?
a: They are basically the same except you do an Australian kiss down under.

q: What's big, green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you?
a: A pool table.

q: Why can't you take a pig out on a date?
a: Because she will squeal on you. 

q: What is green and sings?
a: Elvis Parsley

q: What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian?
a: Someone who knocks on your door at 6 a.m. for no reason.

q: Can little girls have babies?
a: Little Johnny asks his mom "Can little girls have babies?" Little Johnny's mom looks puzzled and replies "Of course not." Little Johnny excitedly runs back to the window and yells to little Sally "It's OK! we can play that game again!"

q: What do you get when you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter?
a: A cock that sticks to roof of your mouth...

q: Whats the best thing about being addicted to speed?
a: Only one more sleep until Christmas!

q: Why does Barbie never get pregnant?
a: Because Ken always comes in a different box.

q: Best thing about being a hermit?
a: No peer pressure.

q: Whats the difference between an Irish Party and an Irish Funeral?
a: One less drunken Irishman 

q: What's the definition of relative humidity?
a: The sweat that drops off your forehead while you're fucking your sister. What's the definition of endless love? Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles playing tennis.

q: What did the newsletter say to the other newsletter when he asked for help?
a: Bro sure!

q: Anyone else think Mexican and African jokes are pretty much all the same?
a: Once youve heard Juan, youve heard Jamal!

q: Why couldn't Frodo drop the Ring into Mt. Doom?
a: Force of Hobbit.

q: Why was the pedophile so excited by 23 year olds?
a: There is 20 of them!!!

q: Why Doesn't Santa Have Any Kids?
a: Because he comes down the chimney. 

q: Who is Ed McMahon's favorite Japanese Filmmaker?
a: Hiyooooo Miyazaki.

q: Which president was famous for his long pauses?
a: Ellipsis S. Grant.

q: What's the definition of mixed emotions?
a: When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your brand new car. 

q: What's the motto of the Greek army?
a: Never leave your buddy's behind.

q: Have you heard about the Occupy - Treasury movement?
a: Finally, an occupy movement that makes cents.

q: What do you get when you put a bunch of roosters into a compactor?
a: A cock block!

q: What do you call an intoxicated midget?
a: A little drunk.

q: How does constipation work?
a: I don't give a shit.

q: If Mississippi gave Missouri her New Jersey, what would Delaware?
a: I don't know but Alaska 

q: What's the difference between karate and judo?
a: Karate is a method of self defense and judo is what bagels are made of.

q: Why can't Polack women use vibrators?
a: They chip their teeth.

q: What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?
a: -A widow.

q: Why did Abe Lincoln and Stephen Douglas get thrown out of the church?
a: Because they were caught mass debating in the bathroom.

q: what's big, black and looks good on a lawyer's neck?
a: a doberman

q: Did you here about the guy who turned to Scientologists to escape his past?
a: Out with Xeold, in with Xenu! :P

q: What do you call a cross between a turducken and a tofurkey?
a: A turfucken.

q: Anybody know some white people jokes?
a: I'm an avid racist and like to have plenty of denigrating jokes at the ready for any particular race. Sadly I know very few targeted at Caucasians, and the ones I do know make them look sorta good (rich, stable, part of ruling elite). Anybody know any jokes that poke fun at being white?

q: What did the mexican say when a development fell on him?
a: yo get off me, homes!

q: What do you call fapping to dubstep?
a: Wubbing one out.

q: What was the top item on Hitler's grocery list?
a: Concentrated Juice.

q: How Does Moses Make His Tea?
a: Hebrews it

q: What do Japanese men do when they have an erection?
a: They vote.

q: How can you tell when it's time to go to bed at Michael Jacksons house?
a: When the big hand touches the little hand

q: Why did the tomato turn red?
a: Because it saw the salad dressing

q: What did the blondes left leg say to her right?
a: Nothing... They've never met

q: What do you call a pedophile with a thesaurus?
a: An ephebophile

q: The Week Off?
a: Me: Sorry boss, i can't come in today, i have a wee cough Boss: you have a wee cough? Me:Really?! thanks boss, see you next week!

q: Where do you find a dog with no arms or legs?
a: Right where ya left him.

q: What's the difference between normal sex and anal sex?
a: One makes your day, the other makes your hole weak

q: What do you call an airplane's cockpit if it's staffed by female pilots?
a: The Box Office.

q: What's the difference between the 7 dwarfs and a girl's high school track team?
a: The 7 dwarfs are a bunch of cunning runts...

q: How can you tell if a woman's had an orgasm?
a: Who cares?

q: Dead Baby Jokes?
a: A mother who has just given birth waits expectantly for the nurse to return so she can hold her baby. A few minutes pass, and the nurse enters with the baby in her hands. The nurse then drops the baby on the ground, stomps on it's head and kicks it out of the window. The mother starts screaming 'My baby, my baby!!' The nurse looks at the lady and says 'April Fools! He was already dead!'

q: Did you hear about the single-engine plane that crashed into a Polish cemetary?
a: So far, 400 bodies have been recovered.

q: What is Green, Slimy, and smells like Bacon?
a: Kermit's finger.

q: What do call you someone who feeds on comatose patients and pizza?
a: A vegetarian.

q: How's your sex life?
a: 3 women are having a conversation about their sex lives. The first woman has been married 1 year. "My husband and I have 'house sex' because we do it anywhere in the house, any time." The second woman has been married 10 years. "We have 'bedroom sex' which is only in the bedroom after the kids have gone to sleep." The third woman has been married 30 years. "My husband and I have 'hallway sex'... We pass each other in the hallway and say 'screw you!'"

q: What do shingles and fat white women have in common?
a: Eventually both will be nailed by a mexican

q: What do you call a paedophile with no legs?
a: A creepy crawly!

q: Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella everywhere he goes?
a: Fo' Drizzle!

q: Why couldn't the penguin turn around in the phone booth?
a: Because he had a javelin through his head.

q: Is this how you reddit ?
a: I threw my old Ironing board out and have started using Katie Price instead. Her legs are easier to open.

q: Why do you call these girls broads?
a: Cause I don't wanna be specific

q: What was the name of the pharao that screwed everything up?
a: Ineptitut.

q: Who's the founder of the Japanese Wikipedia?
a: Yojimbo Wales! (Joke stolen from co-worker)

q: Did anyone lose a roll of twenties wrapped in a rubberband?
a: I found the rubberband!

q: What did one TCP packet say to the other TCP packet?
a: 0x809ACC0E!

q: Where do you find a one legged cow?
a: Where ever you left it.

q: Why did Clemson choose orange as its team color?
a: So they could play football on Saturday, go hunting on Sunday, and pick up garbage the rest of the week.

q: What does a horse and kryptonite have in common?
a: They both paralyze superman

q: Did you hear the one about the sprinkler that tried to spray a man in the eye?
a: It completely mist!

q: why did the lion win the race?
a: because he mufasa.

q: What does an eighty year old woman have in between her boobs that a twenty year old woman doesn't?
a: A belly button.

q: Why do seagulls only fly over the sea?
a: If they flew over the bay, they'd be called Baygulls.

q: What do gays and melons have in common?
a: cantaloupe... 

q: Q:What is the only NFL team whose players have undergone a sex change operation?
a: A: the Ben-gals

q: Whats a Plumber's favorite vegetable?
a: A Leek!

q: Why did the Frenchman not want two eggs?
a: Because one egg is un oeuf.

q: What is love? The energy of life. What is marriage?
a: The energy bill ...

q: Heard about the girl who took a contraceptive pill with pond water?
a: Last I heard, she was three months stagnant.

q: What do two sushi say after one tells a lame joke?
a: "Nigiri, please."

q: what's the height of trust?
a: two cannibals in a 69

q: Whats Irish and stays out all night?
a: Patty O'Furniture

q: Wanna hear a joke about my cawk?
a: never mind its too long

q: What do you called being pepper sprayed at UC Davis?
a: Occupational hazard. 

q: Why do Irish women have small nipples?
a: If they were any bigger their babies would get alcohol poisoning.

q: Q: What do you call a country bumpkin from Michigan's Upper Peninsula?
a: A: A hick-UP

q: What's a 6.9?
a: A good time ruined by a period. 

q: Did you hear about the Native American chief who drank 50 gallons of Earl Grey?
a: He was found dead in the morning, drowned in his tee-pee.

q: What's the difference between a boomerang and my father?
a: the boomerang came back ='(

q: What did the thunder say when it understood the joke?
a: I feel so enlightninged!  

q: What do you call a sober Irishman?
a: A liar. 

q: Why are lawyers always buried 15 feet deep?
a: Because deep down they're good people.

q: What's red and white and red, red and white and red and white?
a: Santa Claus rolling down a roof!

q: Why did I buy a bolt?
a: Because the hardware store clerk was a 300 pound flaming homosexual, and I was afraid to ask him for a screw 

q: Why do waitresses hate mohels?
a: Because they never leave a tip.

q: What do you call a cow woth a twitch?
a: Beef Jerky

q: What has a million legs but can't walk?
a: Jerry's Kids.

q: Q: What's the best language to describe the hectic holiday shopping season?
a: A: Russian 

q: What's the proper procedure when witnessing someone having a seizure in a bathtub?
a: Sprint to your room, grab all the dirty clothes you can, and start saving money on laundry.

q: Did you hear about the new HBO series that investigates gambling in sports?
a: It's called Thrown Games.

q: Q: What's the best sport to learn when you are moving?
a: A: Boxing

q: What is the difference between dog shit and black people?
a: One eventually turns white and stops stinking.

q: What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottsman?
a: The Rolling Stones say "Hey! You! Get off of my cloud!" And a Scottsman says "Hey McLeod, get of me ewe!"

q: What does the last man on earth watch on tv?
a: reruns

q: A Greek, an Irishman and a Portuguese spend the evening drinking in a bar. Who picks up the tab?
a: The German.

q: What did the cake say to the Pie?
a: "That's sweet, ain't it?"

q: what did one snowman say to the other?
a: do you smell carrots?

q: Why are fat people like relationships?
a: Most of them don't work out.

q: What did the mathematician say while golfing?
a: 2 squared!

q: What did one hat say to the other?
a: "You stay here, I'll go on ahead...."

q: What is a rude way of referring to a young homosexual fly?
a: A maggot, of course!

q: What do i have in Common with neutrinos?
a: We're both constantly penetrating your Mom.

q: Do you know any martial arts?
a: I was standing in a bar and this little Chinese guy comes in and stands next to me. I said to him, "Do you know any of those martial arts things, like Kung-Fu, Karate or Ju-Jitsu?" He says "No. Why the fuck you ask me dat, is it coz I Chinees"? "No", I said, "It's because you're drinking my fucking beer you slanty eyed little prick".  

q: What do you call a short psychic who hasn't yet been apprehended?
a: A small medium at-large?

q: Why do meth heads love Halloween?
a: Three sleeps 'till Christmas!

q: What did the mexican get on his SAT's?
a: Taco crumbs

q: Guys can we please stop making jokes about obesity?
a: They have enough on their plate already.

q: What do you call a Polish airplane?
a: A Jet-ski.

q: What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt?
a: The codpiece he made out of his girlfriend's face.

q: Why did F'' (F double prime) have to go to the dentist?
a: It had concavities...

q: Why do chicken coops only have 2 doors?
a: Because if they had 4 doors, they would be called chicken sedans...

q: Did you hear about the new Jewish Sports Car?
a: It stops on a dime then picks it up.

q: Why did the duck get arrested?
a: because he was smoking quack!

q: Whats the difference between a black guy and a snow tire?
a: A snow tire doesnt sing when you put chains on it.

q: What is your favorite "My dick is so big.." joke?
a: Mine is, "My dick is so big that, at the movie theater, popcorn comes in small, medium, large and my dick."

q: Why can't women ski?
a: there's no snow between the kitchen and the bedroom.

q: How many Nickelback fans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: .... Trick question! There's no such thing as Nickelback fans. (I will be hated by few)

q: Did you hear about that mad cow disease?
a: A cow to another: "Did you hear about that mad cow disease? Makes cows go completely insane!" The other cow: "Good thing I'm a helicopter!"

q: Where do Eggs keep their holidays pictures?
a: In a photo albumen...

q: Did you hear about the hippie who got lost at sea?
a: He was too far out!

q: How's Terry Fox like Jack Layton?
a: They both tried to run a country and died before finishing.

q: Why did the protester cross the road?
a: To get to the Occupy! EDIT: To get to the other side/Occupy?

q: How many women does it take to bring down Herman Cain?
a: Nine-Nine-Nine

q: Why couldn't the kid get in to see the pirate movie?
a: It was rated PG-13, and he was only 11. Plus, he had no money, and his mother didn't want him watching movies like that. 

q: What do they call helium, neon, argon,krypton on the REALLY COLD planet?
a: Noble rocks

q: Did u hear about the leper poker game?
a: everyone threw their hands in

q: what's invisible and smells like carrots?
a: rabbit farts

q: Seriously though, why can't you put the punchline in the title?
a: What do you say to piss off a redditor?

q: What does a redditer say when he reads a joke on r/jokes?
a: We saw that same joke two days ago

q: What does Sigmund Freud say comes between fear and sex?
a: fnf (it helps if you say it out loud, and understand German) :-)

q: What is this compound?
a: Chemistry teacher drew this during class.   Don't know how to type spoilers, but maybe rot13 will do. Vg'f n cnenqbk.

q: Why don't women wear watches?
a: Because there's a perfectly good clock on the stove

q: What is the punishment for bigamy?
a: Two wives.

q: Why do women parachutists wear cups?
a: So they won't whistle on the way down.

q: What's warm, white, and I drink almost every night?
a: Warm milk before bed... Get your mind out of the gutter!

q: What do you call a Mexican Buddhist?
a: Om-bre

q: How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: None, let the bitch do the ironing in the dark.

q: Why did Michael Jackson love Beethoven's 3rd symphony?
a: It was done in A minor.

q: Why was Steve Jobbs funeral an open casket?
a: So the attendees could get some face-time.

q: What do you call a woman with her tongue out?
a: A lesbian with a hard on.

q: How do you turn a washing machine into a snowblower?
a: Give her a shovel.

q: How do you hit 20 flies in one shot?
a: Hit an Ethiopian in the head with a frying pan.

q: What is the worst part of being both black and jewish?
a: Having to sit in the back of the oven. (these do not reflect my personal views)

q: Need a Polygon ?
a: Why not Trape oidberg

q: What's the difference between Jews and Pizzas?
a: Pizzas don't scream in the oven.

q: Whats the worst part of locking your keys in your car at an abortion clinic parking lot?
a: Having to go inside and ask for a coathanger.

q: How many dub-step artists does it take to clean a bathtub?
a: 100. One to actually clean it, and 99 to talk about how dirty it is.

q: What do Jews in Nazi Germany and children at Penn State have in common?
a: They're both afraid of showers

q: What do you call a prostitute with her hands down her pants?
a: Self-employed

q: What do you call a teenage cheese cracker?
a: Chee-zits I made this up.    Thank you, thank you...thank you so much.

q: What does NNNNNSSSSSAAAAA stand for?
a: National Stutterers Association. 

q: What 20th century composer would make the best bartender?
a: Philip Glass. (fill up glass)

q: Did you hear about the mexican that went to college?
a: me neither.

q: How do you know if a Muslim is laughing online?
a: He types, "HALOL"

q: What did the Chinese man say when Winter came around?
a: Reddit snow, reddit snow, reddit snow!

q: What does Chris Brown tell his friends when he sees Rihanna at a party?
a: I hit that.

q: John's mother in-law comes for a visit. So, how long will you stay,mom?
a: As long as i'm welcomed. Oh, that's too bad, you should at least stay for a cup of coffee

q: What is the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator?
a: The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it. 

q: What's the difference between a dwarf and an STD?
a: Ones a cunning runt the other is a running cunt. 

q: Hey, you know that Outback Steakhouse down the road?
a: You know, it's down by the Burger King... yeah yeah, right down there. I drove past earlier and there was a bunch of Native Americans all standing out front. Yeah I know right, there was a huge crowd of 'em out front, they wouldn't let them in. Turns out, they didn't have reservations.

q: What do Sarah Palin and Iron Man have in common?
a: ...they've both had a Downey Jr. inside them.

q: What do you call a black pilot ?
a: A pilot , you racist dumbass...

q: Why didn't Natalie Wood take a shower on the boat?
a: She wanted to wash up on shore

q: Why did only 2 Mexicans cross the border?
a: The sign said "No Trespassing" (TRES-Passing)

q: What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore?
a: Borders

q: Why was the pig in the kitchen?
a: It was bacon.

q: Daisy who?
a: Knock knock Who's there? Daisy. Daisy who? DAISY ME ROLLIN, THEY HATIN

q: How many people does it take to screw in a light?
a: Two, but I don't know how they'll fit inside the bulb

q: Why was Jimmy Glasscock bad at hide and seek?
a: You could always see him coming.

q: Did you pay the VISA bill?
a: A man and a woman end up on a deserted island. He is desperate and cries:" oh, honey we're gonna die so young. Nobody will ever find us here!!!" She is very calm and relaxed. "Don't panic , dear, we'll be OK in few hours, I forgot to pay our VISA bill, the'll find us, don't worry"

q: Jew or Gipsy?
a: John's dad is a Jew and his mom is a Gipsy. one day john asks his dad: what am I , a Jew or a Gipsy ?" dad: "why is that important to you?" John: "It's very important because Bob has a new bike and I don't know what to do: steal it or negotiate with him..."

q: What do canola oil and some abortions have in common?
a: They come from rape seed.

q: What do you call a lesbian with long fingers?
a: Well-hung.

q: How can you tell if your roommate is gay?
a: His dick tastes like shit.

q: Why do nice guys make good lovers?
a: They always finish last.

q: Why did Kanye West blow up the bakery?
a: Because no one man should have all that flour.

q: Did you know Hitler didn't like to eat meat?
a: He was a vegetaryan.

q: What did the egg say to the boiler water?
a: It might take me awhile to get hard, I just got laid last night.

q: What is the difference between a Mother and Wife?
a: One woman brings you into this world crying and the other ensures you continue to do so.

q: What's the best thing about kids?
a: Making them!!!

q: Why Does Paris Hilton Have a Chihuahua?
a: Cause she doesn't want a Dog thats more intelligent than her!

q: What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables?
a: Herpeas.

q: What do you call a crappy business man?
a: an Entre"manure"   

q: What would you call the mailman if he got fired?
a: I don't know, just some dude.

q: How is Sandusky like a tortoise?
a: He gets there before the hair...

q: You ate some space food?
a: Why on earth would you do that?

q: Q: What do you get Devin Hester for Christmas??
a: A: Nothing - he'll just return it!

q: Why is Santa Claus always so happy?
a: He knows where all the bad girls live

q: How can you make a small fortune?
a: start with a big one

q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, lying in a ditch?
a: Phil

q: Similarities between Scruff McGruff's police force and Michael Vick?
a: They've both got a dog fighting crime.

q: How do you know when there's a lead singer on your porch?
a: They can't find the right key and don't know when to come in.

q: What's the difference between a sliced up body and a new BMW?
a: ... I don't have a new BMW in my garage.

q: What do you call a cow that has had an abortion?
a: Decaffeinated

q: How many members of an ethnicity does it take to perform a specified task?
a: A finite number! One member to perform the task, and the rest to behave in a manner stereotypical to the ethnicity in question.

q: What do you have to bring if you visit r/nsfw_gifs?
a: Giffy Lube.

q: What do you call a girl with anorexia and a yeast infection?
a: a quarter pounder with cheese.

q: What do you get when you plant a loaf of bread?
a: A bakery.

q: What's the most common owl in Britain?
a: The tea towel

q: Why buy an invisible knife?
a: I don't see the point

q: How many pirates does it take to screw in a lightbulb in China?
a: 

q: What's the hardest part about riding a scooter?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: What is Jesus' favorite workout?
a: Pontius Pilates

q: What do you call a group of environmentalists in jail?
a: 'Collared Greens' 

q: What do you get when you cross an ape with a calculator?
a: A Hairy Reasoner. (Andy Rooney used to enjoy this one)

q: What do you call an older man who goes after young boys?
a: Nittany Lions

q: What did the inn keeper say to the Big Dipper when he asked if he could rent a room?
a: sorry this is only a four star hotel.

q: What kind of pants does mario wear?
a: DENIM DENIM DENIM

q: What do you call 100,000 Frenchmen with their hands up?
a: The Army.

q: How many defensive coordinators does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Zero. You can't fit a hairless ten-year-old inside a light bulb. 

q: How can you tell if you're on a Starcraft diet?
a: Not enough minerals.

q: What do Alexander Skarsgard and Ikea have in common?
a: Swedish meatballs

q: How is toilet paper and the Starship Enterprise alike?
a: They both circle Uranus searching for Klingons.

q: Why are leggings and sand the same?
a: They both get stuck in camel toe.

q: What do you get when you combine human DNA with a goats?
a: kicked out of the petting zoo...

q: Sarah Jessica Parker?
a: Horse.

q: Why does Japan love Obama?
a: He is first Barack president.

q: Hey Jerry Sandusky! What's the best thing about sex with twenty nine year olds?
a: There's twenty of them!

q: What did the cannibal get when he showed up late to the luncheon?
a: The cold shoulder.

q: At what time does Sean Connery like to watch the Williams sisters play?
a: Tennish.

q: What do you call a black hipster?
a: blipster

q: What does Sean Connery surf on the Internet?
a: Reddish.

q: Why didn't anyone drive stick in Soviet Russia?
a: They were afraid of Stalin.

q: Q: What do you get when you cross a Wurlitzer and a photocopier?
a: A: A reproductive organ. 

q: How did cancer order it's fries?
a: Metastasized.

q: Why have they created sweet tampons?
a: for sour puss(ys)

q: What's the difference between Shea Stadium and Sloan-Kettering?
a: At Sloan-Kettering the Mets always win.

q: What's the difference between Toddlers & Tiaras and a scat fetish?
a: One's fucking shit, and the other is a scat fetish. Just made it up, wondered how you guys thought it would be.

q: What does a nerd and a bad baseball player have in common?
a: They both can't get to first base!

q: Why shouldn't you take rimjob jokes seriously?
a: Because they're all tongue in cheek.

q: How do you make your wife cry when you're having sex?
a: Ring her up and let her listen

q: What do you call a mexican hitchhiker?
a: El Paso

q: What do you call a family of redheads?
a: Gingerbread. Edit: This is more of an out-loud joke. So, maybe it'll help if it read: "Ginger-bred" instead.

q: Why do you like little kids...?
a: They have to use TWO hands.

q: Who is the coolest person in the hospital?
a: The ultrasound man.

q: What do you call five blondes in a pool?
a: Air bubbles.

q: Who takes over when the Ultrasound man is on leave?
a: The Hip Replacement Guy.

q: Heard about the seafood diet?
a: You see food and you eat it.

q: What the opposite of progress?
a: Congress

q: What's grosser than gross?
a: When a midget walks past and says your hair smells nice!

q: What kind of bees can you get milk from?
a: Boobies!

q: Why did the parrot fall out of the tree?
a: Because it was dead.

q: What do you do if you find a trumpet growing in your scottish garden?
a: You root it ooot!

q: How do you torture Hellen Keller?
a: Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.

q: Q: What is the last thing a tossed salad says to itself before being devoured by a human?
a: A: Lettuce pray

q: How many ADD kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Wanna go ride bikes?

q: What does the study of magnetism and self abuse have in common?
a: The Right Hand Rule.

q: How do you call blue cow?
a: Freak..

q: What's the best nation in the world?
a: Donation. What's the best city in the world? Generosity.

q: What's the most dangerous animal in Africa?
a: Black people. (Slightly Racist I know)

q: Did you guys hear about the fire at the circus?
a: It was in tents.

q: How many Apes does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Only one... but it takes a shitload of light bulbs.

q: Why does a dog lick his balls?
a: Because he can't curve his paw into a little fist

q: How many members of a certain demographic group does it take to perform a specified task?
a: A finite number: one to perform the task and the remainder to act in a manner stereotypical of the group in question.

q: Whats white and salty?
a: Salt.

q: What's long, hard, and full of semen?
a: A submarine filled with cum.

q: What do you do when you see an enemy with half a face?
a: Reload and shoot again!

q: Why are jack-o-lanterns inbred?
a: because they pump-kin

q: Why don't ghosts have kids?
a: Because they have Hollow-Weinies

q: Why do demons and ghouls hang out together?
a: Because demons are a ghoul's best friend.

q: There were 100 crows sitting on a wire and a farmer shot 1, how many were left?
a: 99 the rest were deaf.      Don't down vote me because it's bad, it was told to me by a girl in college. Edit, she was hot and deaf.

q: Do cats like Deadmau5?
a: I mean he is a mouse himself, but maybe they like the concept?

q: Did you hear they're making a holistic version of Star Wars?
a: It's based on darth vadar's holistic brother, Ayur Veder.

q: What did the Titanic say to the iceberg?
a: "Okay, but just the tip."

q: Did you hear about the farmer who fell in love with his cows milk?
a: It was his significant udder

q: Why did the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee?
a: Because he was drinking it before it was cool

q: What's the difference between an Onion and a Whore?
a: I don't cry when I chop up a Whore.

q: What did the otter say to his girlfriend?
a: "You are my significant otter."

q: Why do tachyons program in assembly?
a: Because it's faster then C

q: Doctor, doctor, what did you say I had?
a: Capricorn?  

q: what is the height of trust?
a: two cannibals in a 69

q: Why was Fibonacci afraid of 5?
a: ...because 5 8 13!

q: Did you know that Erwin Schrodinger's funeral was closed casket?
a: He was buried (|Dead> + |Alive>) / sqrt(2)

q: Which popstar cuts down trees?
a: Michael LumberJackson

q: Whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies?
a: Your granny

q: What do you call a guy with diarrhea who just had his father committed to the insane asylum?
a: A crap happy chappy with a slap happy pappy.

q: Did you hear about Michael Vicks new shoe contract?
a: Hush Puppies.

q: What did the donut say to the loaf of bread?
a: If I had as much dough as you, I wouldn't be hanging around this hole!

q: Did you know Brian Welch, the former drummer of Korn opened up an Orphanage in India?
a: ...and you should have seen the look on those little orphans' faces when they heard korn was coming!

q: why was X afraid of Y?
a: because 2Y-14/3X=0

q: Why are black men afraid of chainsaw's?
a: When you start them, they made the sound "runnnniganiganiganiga" Sorry for the racism, but had to share this. 

q: What is black and has two broken arms?
a: Muammar Gaddafi's sunglasses

q: It took us ages to get this joke... Want to have a go?
a: So the theme for my   was "Puns" and everyone came dressed as a pun.  I sewed boxes of smarties to my pants (hardy har har).    arguably had the hardest one to guess.  Those are sprigs of thyme.  They're in white coats which have stethoscopes and an RX logo on them.  Can you guess what he was?   Two bonus pics in that album of my 'fancy party'...  the girl is my sister.  She was drinkin' Stella.  What was she?

q: What do you call it when Hitler pees?
a: Fhrenating.

q: Which kind of shark is also the saddest dog?
a: The porbeagle. _

q: Q: Why do rugby fans eat up the sport?
a: A: Because it is 'scrum'-ptious. 

q: What's an archaeologist?
a: Someone whose career is in ruins.

q: When does 1+1=3?
a: ..... When you don't use a condom.

q: Why did the Siamese twins move to England?
a: So the one on the right could drive for a change.

q: Have you heard about these new Oak woord, gold-finished coffins?
a: Apparently they're to die for.

q: What was the score of the lobster soccer game?
a: Zero to zero. Lobsters can't kick soccer balls.

q: Why don't women sleep on the left side of the bed?
a: Because they always want to be right.

q: What do you call a woodland elf without any connecting plastic bricks to play with?
a: Legolas

q: What's the proper way to pronounce Mormon?
a: The second m is silent.

q: Did you hear about the Bausch & Lomb tech who fell into a giant lens grinder?
a: He really made a spectacle of himself

q: whats the difference between cancer and black people?
a: cancer got jobs. (too soon.)

q: What do you get if 2 black men sleep in a sleeping bag?
a: A twix bar

q: Why is Halloween one of the most popular holidays in West Virginia?
a: It gives them an opportunity to  .

q: Why was the baby strawberry crying?
a: Because his mother was in a jam. 

q: What do women and Slinkies have in common?
a: Not much, but you can't help but crack a smile when see some tumbling down the stairs.

q: Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam?
a: I cant jelly my dick in your mouth

q: What do you call a deer that has no eyes?
a: I got no-eye deer !

q: What's the worst thing about your girlfriend having a miscarriage?
a: Trying to look upset.

q: You know what's fun to do in Ohio?
a: ... Pack up and get the fuck out.

q: No Job ??
a: Better Blow-Job than No-Job !

q: What do you call a silent kebab?
a: A shh-kebab

q: How do they play basketball in Mexico?
a: Juan on Juan

q: What's the difference between a toddler and a bag of cocaine?
a: Eric Clapton would   let a bag of cocaine fall out the window.

q: What is a shoe made out of a Banana called?
a: a slipper! I've been telling this corny ass joke around campus and everyone seems to like it haha. 

q: Why are Atheists so resistant to video game cheats?
a: They don't believe in godmode

q: Why does beer go faster through you than milk?
a: Why does beer go faster through you than milk? Unlike milk it doesn't have to change color. Why does Budweiser go faster through you than beer? Unlike beer it doesn't have to change taste.

q: Did you hear about the Wall Street bankers that won the Nobel Peace Prize in Chemistry?
a: They turned the economy into shit.

q: Why do girls wear makeup and perfume ?
a: Because they are ugly and they stink !

q: Why was the shirt smelly?
a: Because it was a heavy sweater! 

q: What did the otter say to the guy whose ankle he pooped on?
a: "Spraint your ankle!" Just in case: 

q: what does a family dentist and a pedophile have in common?
a: They both fill little kids' cavities. Original by me.

q: Why do girls wear make up and perfume?
a: 'Cuz they're ugly and they stink!

q: Why does the "forever alone" keep a beehive next to his bed?
a: Because royal jelly comes in handy... you know, for lowering cholesterol.  

q: Knock Knock. Who's there? Dragon Ball Z. Dragon Ball Z Who?
a: FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z

q: Whats easier than stealing candy from a baby?
a: ... Stealing candy from a dead baby.  

q: Whats the smartest thing to come out of a womans mouth?
a: Albert Einsteins cock

q: How do you fit an elephant into a subway?
a: Take the "S" out of sub and the "F" out of way.

q: Q: What do you call a group of people who share bathroom facilities?
a: A: party poopers

q: You hear about the agnostic, dyslexic insomniac?
a: He stays up all night, every night, wondering if there truly is a dog.

q: What kind of jean's do Mario prefer?
a: Denim Denim Denim.

q: How did the set react when it heard about the Russell Paradox?
a: It couldn't contain itself.

q: Why do redditors make such good fencers?
a: They're used to dealing with ripostes.

q: What's the difference between a guitar and an elevator?
a: I didn't expose myself inside a guitar this morning.

q: Why was the garbage man afraid of the staff at the sex-change clinic?
a: They give him the willies.

q: What did the snail say as she was riding on the back of a turtle?
a: weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,                                            I enjoy shouting this at work because I can use it to speed up production without having to sound like a total dick all the time.

q: What's the difference between 9/11 and your birth?
a: One was planned.

q: Why did the Time Traveler give Julius Caeser a BJ?
a: He wanted to go down on history.

q: How do you blend in at a bald convention?
a: Chemo-flage

q: Why can't you make fun of Steve Jobs' death?
a: ... Because it's not PC

q: A man driving a car hits a woman. Who's fault is it?
a: TRICK QUESTION! Cars can't fit in the kitchen!

q: What is the difference between michael jackson and pimples?
a: Pimples wait until you're thirteen before they come all over your face.

q: How do black people die from a drive by?
a: Everytime someone screams "get down! " they stand up and start dancing!

q: How do you stop an Armenian tank?
a: You shoot the guys pushing it.

q: TOO SOON?
a: I knew the market for Jobs was killing but.....

q: Did you heard Steve Jobs died?
a: He went to the iCloud. (RIP Steve. You may disagree with him, but the fact the man died is tragic considering his contributions to computing.)

q: What did Picasso and Smurfette have in common?
a: Both had blue periods.

q: You know the difference between 2 dicks and a joke is?
a: You can't take a joke.

q: What do you call a ghost's fart?
a: Spectral emissions.

q: What did Hamlet say to his cat?
a: Get thee to a nyanery!

q: Mary, did he have any last requests?
a: Mary Clancy goes up to Father O'Grady after his Sunday morning service, and she's in tears. He says, 'So what's bothering you, Mary my dear?' She says, 'Oh, Father, I've got terrible news. My husband passed away last night.' The priest says, 'Oh, Mary, that's terrible. Tell me, Mary, did he have any last requests?' She says, 'That he did, Father.' The priest says, 'What did he ask, Mary?' She says, 'He said, Please Mary, put down that damn gun.....'

q: What is Ke$ha's favorite candy?
a: TicTac

q: What did the abortionist have for breakfast?
a: Scrambled eggs =p

q: What do you call a baby born in a whorehouse?
a: A brothel sprout

q: How do crazy people get through the forrest?
a: They take the psycho path.

q: What do you call a Mesoamerican unicorn?
a: Unimaize

q: Did you hear about the duck that got thrown away?
a: He was down in the dumps.

q: Q: What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?
a: A: Cancer.

q: How does Sean Connery find his way to the toilet?
a: With a shat nav.

q: What do Hillbillies do on Halloween?
a: Pumpkin

q: How do you get the drummer off your front porch?
a: Pay for the pizza.

q: Why did the trio of Mexicans get arrested?
a: Because they were trespassing!

q: What's green, slimy and smells like pork?
a: Kermit's finger

q: How come you never see elephants hiding up trees?
a: Because they are really good at it.

q: how do you confuse a masterbator?
a: 32

q: I lost a pop quiz last night. The question was: where do women mostly have curly hair?
a: The correct answer is "Africa". You have a very dirty mind!

q: Where does Sean Connery put his beard clippings?
a: His shavings account.

q: What did Keanu Reeves say to slow down his horse?
a: Whoa.

q: Why won't Goldilocks drink a glass of water with eight pieces of ice in it?
a: It's two cubed! :) 

q: Q. How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: A. Nobody knows, there's no light.

q: what do you get when you call a subreddit "jokes" and have more than 21 000 readers?
a: an average of 22 jokes a day. this is a fucking joke

q: How do you get two elephants into a refrigerator?
a: You put the female in first, and the male will walk in and close the door. (As told by my Materials Science professor)

q: What's the latest big thing to sweep across Japan?
a: The ocean.

q: Why did the women's studies major go to college?
a: To study a broad

q: How do you spell 'way' with an 'f'?
a: There's no 'f' in way

q: What did the man order at the Indian restaurant?
a: It's Naan of your business.

q: Why did the boy jump off the dock?
a: Pier pressure

q: How do aliens stay warm?
a: Space heater.

q: What do you do when a Chemist dies?
a: You Barium.

q: I think this is a repost. Why did Lady Diana cross the road?
a: She wasn't wearing her seat belt.

q: What does a blender full of dead babies sound like?
a: I dunno, I was too busy masturbating...

q: What would you tell someone who is attempting to steal your cheese (hint: not "nacho cheese")?
a: Leave my provolone!

q: What do you call a seven course Irish meal?
a: A 6-pack and a potato.

q: What do you call an Irish guy with no arms and no legs hanging out on your front porch?
a: Patio Furniture.

q: Why do they call them "roach clips"?
a: Because "pot holder" was already taken.  

q: What is the worst joke in philosophy?
a: One that kant be repeated. 

q: Why was the animal unhappy?
a: He had a ruff week.. His life wasn't purrfect. His brother was a shellout. His mother's been a real crab lately. His family was really shellfish. He had no porpoise in life.

q: What's pun plus pun?
a: Poo

q: What happened when the lepers played poker?
a: One guy threw down his hand and another laughed his head off. This was my best friend's favorite joke when she was little apparently.

q: What do you call a stoner dinosaur?
a: A Smokealottapottapus.

q: What do anal sex and vegetables have in common?
a: You enjoy both more as an adult if they aren't forced on you as a child.

q: How do you call two guys on a motocycle?
a: Fucking morons; they could have stolen two motocycles!

q: Did you hear about the guy who thought his dishwasher was talking to him?
a: Told him to kill his neighbor's dog, in Spanish. 

q: What's a pirate's favorite letter in the alphabet?
a:  = "ARRGGHH"   (R) Your response =  (in a pirate voice of course) "You'd think it'd be the ARRGGHH but it actually be the SEA!!! (C)

q: If you could eliminate one entire race off of the face of the planet, which would you choose?
a: the 5k fun run, or the 100 meter dash?

q: Why can't a bike stand on it's own?
a: because it is two-tyred.

q: What's the pirate movie rated?
a: PG-13!

q: What do you call a Woman who can balance 3 pints of Lager on her head?
a: Beatrix

q: What kind of workout does Bob the electrician do?
a: Circuit training.

q: How do you make five pounds of fat look sexy?
a: Slap a nipple on it.

q: What's a French egg's favourite airforce?
a: L'oueftwaffe.

q: What do you call a row of boxers?
a: A punchline.

q: What kind of Bee is full of milk?
a: A BooBee.

q: Why did the blond climb over the glass wall?
a: To see what was on the other side.

q: How many libertarians?
a: How many libertarians does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None. The market will take care of it.

q: How come Jesus could never play for the Blackhawks?
a: Because he's always getting hung up on the boards.

q: Jimmy has 36 candy bars, and he eats 28. What does Jimmy have?
a: Diabetes. Jimmy has diabetes.

q: What happened to the gay wizard?
a: He vanished with a puff!

q: What do I call my pasta friend?
a: Ma Caroni! (my crony)

q: USDA steak inspector?
a: YEP! Chuck Testa!

q: Look, a reindeer. Santa, is that you?
a: Nope. Chuck Testa.

q: What music do girls on their periods listen to?
a: Ragtime

q: What do you call a dog with no legs and balls of steal?
a: Sparkie.

q: What is the difference between a sandwich and a baby?
a: I don't have sex with the sandwich before I eat it !

q: What do you call a condom within a condom?
a: Contraception.

q: What did the Leper say to the Prostitute?
a: Keep the tip.

q: What do you get if you cross an elephant with a rhino?
a: The Nobel Prize in Genetics.

q: Why Do Republican Couples Keep A Copy Of Ronald Reagan's Biography Next To Their Bed?
a: So that it can be used as an   

q: Why couldn't the pig run?
a: He pulled his hamstring!

q: What did Reddit say to his elderly mother when he tried to take her to a home?
a: Get in the Karma. 

q: What's pink and hard?
a: The Financial Times crossword puzzle

q: Is sex without obligations possible after getting married?
a: Yeah - sometimes I can have sex without promising to do the dishes afterwards.

q: Knock-Knock, Whose There?
a: "Peephole salesman!"

q: What's six feet tall , silver and stands at the end of kids beds?
a: Gary Glitters boots.

q: Reddit, what is your best cheesy joke?
a: I'm talking the jokes that you find insanely hilarious, and everyone else just either groans or stares blankly when you tell it. I'll start.  'Been teaching hobbits how to play cricket. Bilbo's good at catching, but he can't really Frodo.' Every. Fucking. Time. 

q: What can you tell your dog but not your girlfriend?
a: Sit down and beg There are a million answers to this. Come on reddit, make my day better.

q: What do you do when you find Michael J. Fox in your hot tub?
a: .....Add your laundry.

q: did you hear about the circus fire?
a: it was intense

q: How did hipster kid hurt himself?
a: He touched the stove before it was cool...

q: You hear about the fishing prostitute ?
a: Heard she was a real hooker.

q: Did you hear about the latest thing affected by recession?
a: My hairline!

q: Do You have a book called, Husband, the master of Wife ?
a: A husband in a book store. Do You have a book called, "Husband, the master of Wife ?"  Sales Girl : Sir, Fantasy and Comic section is on the 1st floor:D :D

q: What do you call a bear that likes men when it's happy and women when it's sad?
a: A Bipolar Bear

q: Why did the pedophile get a job at the bakery?
a: because he likes his buns fresh from the oven.

q: What do you give and take at the same time?
a: a poop

q: What did a lesbian frog tell another lesbian frog?
a: Damm, we do taste like chicken!

q: What do Mike Piazza, and an altar boy have in common?
a: They were both catchers for the Padres.

q: 5 Dicks!?
a: This guy goes to his doctor for a full physical.. He takes his pants off and the doctor notices he has 5 dicks, the doc yells "holy shit! you have 5 dicks! that's incredible! how do your pants fit!?" and the dude says "like a glove."

q: Have you ever tried to peel apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
a: That's what its like to fuck a 90 year old

q: What's the Islamist term for acceptable internet humor?
a: Ha-lol.

q: do you know why its called pms?
a: 'Cause mad cow was taken

q: What do you say when only the egg remains?
a: It's all ovum now

q: Have you heard about the masochist who likes taking a cold shower every morning?
a: So he has a hot one instead.

q: Do you know what's rally tiring../?
a: ... being awake.

q: Did you guys hear the one about the circus fire?
a: It was intense.

q: What's the difference between the 9/11 attack and a dairy cow?
a: You stop milking the cow after ten years.

q: Who was the chicken's favorite composer?
a: Bach!

q: Why did the man with acute bronchitis go on holiday?
a: Because he had a wee cough

q: What did the llama said to the other llama?
a: Como se llama?

q: Doctor: I have some bad news. You HAVE to stop masturbating. Man: OMG Doc, WHY?
a: Doctor: I'm trying to examine you.

q: What's green and has 4 wheels?
a: Grass, I lied about the wheels...

q: What do many Asian guys have that's hairy, got two balls, and is smaller than average?
a: A penis.

q: What's the difference between a blonde and an Airbus A380?
a: Not everyone has been in an Airbus A380.

q: How did the hipster burn his hand?
a: He was into lightbulbs before they were cool.

q: Whats the most insensitive spot on a man's penis?
a: The man I really need a counter joke for that one 

q: How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Two. 1 to screw it in, and one to suck my cock.

q: What do they call mosquitoes in Pakistan?
a: Churchitoes

q: What do going down on a girl and talking to the mafia have in common?
a: One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.

q: Where do you find a zebra?
a: 25 letters after a, brah.

q: What's the difference between sex and golf?
a: In golf one bad hole won't kill you.

q: How many dragon ball Z characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: 1, but it takes 6 episodes.

q: What do you call a T-Rex with tourettes?
a: I'm sorry.

q: Q: How many apples grow on a tree?
a: A: All of them! ARRRRGHHHH FUCK YOU POPSICLE STICK JOKE

q: Want to hear a joke about sodium?
a: Na.

q: Whats the difference between a watermelon and baby?
a: One's really fun to smash with a sledge-hammer and the other is just a watermelon

q: What does a fish say when it hits a brick wall?
a: DAM!!!

q: Why wouldn't the two tampons speak to each other?
a: Because they were both stuck-up cunts.

q: What's the second hardest thing in the morning?
a: Getting out of the bed!

q: What is the medical name for the operation that changes a person's sex from female to male?
a: An addadicktome.

q: What do you call an exploding monkey?
a: a BA-BOOM!

q: What is the difference between a dog thermometer and a human thermometer?
a: the taste

q: What do nine out of ten people like?
a: Gang rape.

q: What did T-Rex say after doing yoga for the first time?
a: dinosore  

q: Why don't blind people like to go skydiving?
a: Because it scares the shit out of the dog.

q: What is a Nuclear Physicist's favourite meal?
a: Fission chips.

q: What's the difference between a Friend and a Punjabi Friend?
a: FRIEND TE IK punjabi FRIEND mein kya farak hai ? Frnd--- i m sorry.. Punjabi frnd-- Teri galti aa salya. Frnd- i missed u punjabifrnd- kithe mar gaya c Frnd- i m happy 4 ur success punjabi frnd- chal party de hotel ch nai ta daroo challo Frnd- plzzzz drive slowly&safely punjabi frnd- gaddi bhja salya agge swift ch kida sohna purja baitha hai.. Frnd- i love dat girl... punjabi frnd- izzat nal dekho kutteyo oho tuhadi bhabhi hai :D :D

q: why did princess Diana cross the road?
a: she wasnt wearing her seatbelt....

q: Why do girls get so moody when they're on their periods?
a: It's such an ovary action.

q: What do Michael Jackson and caviar have in common?
a: They both come in little white crackers

q: What does a gynecologist and a pizza boy have in common?
a: They can smell it but they can't eat it.

q: Why don't black people listen to country music?
a: Every time the hear the word hoedown they think their sister's been shot.

q: What did Zach De La Rocha bring home from the beach?
a: A pocket full of shells.

q: What do you call a kid with one arm and three legs?
a: Unfortunate. 

q: What did the Zero say to the Eight?
a: Nice belt.

q: What is a male porn actor's favorite one hit wonder song?
a: Come on Eileen.

q: Why did the pregnant girl struggle so much with grammar?
a: She had no periods!

q: What do Apple and the US economy have in common now?
a: No Jobs

q: What do a coffee pot, Irene, and the reigning Stanley Cup champions have in common?
a: They're a-Brew'in!

q: What do Hurricane Irene and Kim Kardashian have in common?
a: They blow the whole east coast and there's videos online. 

q: What do you use to clear the air of stupid?
a: A HERPA filter

q: How long can a frog hold its breath underwater?
a: Until it croaks...

q: What was Beethoven's favorite food?
a: BA-NA-NA-NAAA!!!!! (to the tune of Beethoven's 5th symphony)

q: What did one guy at a gay bar say to the other guy?
a: Can I push your stool in? I just wanted to note that my ten year old brother told me this joke._

q: For the english - What do you call a girl with 2 cunts?
a: NdubZ

q: Why was the horse happy to come home after being released from the hospital?
a: Because of his stable condition.

q: Why can't moccasins play the blues?
a: They've got no sole. 

q: Which nation doesn't do what it's supposed to do until it's too late?
a: Procrastination!

q: Which real-life dictator was the most fun?
a: Napoleon BonaPARTAY!!!

q: What's more impressive than the talking dragon?
a: A spelling bee. Credit goes to a cheesestick wrapper!

q: How is masturbation and brain damage similar?
a: A few strokes and there's no going back. 

q: Anyone here know of Gaddafi?
a: Probably not. He's pretty underground.

q: What do you call a group of Japanese people running up a hill?
a: Tsunami Warning

q: Why couldn't the hipsters save the hippies?
a: They were too far out.

q: Why do Christian bands only record with Pro Tools?
a: Because they don't understand how to use Logic or Reason.

q: Why did the U.S. invade Panama?
a: Just Cause

q: How does a one armed man row a boat?
a: In a circle.

q: Did you hear about the earthquake?
a: There was a fault in Washington. It was Obama's!

q: What do pirates use to copy files?
a: Yarrrrrsync!

q: What do you call a cow with 2 legs?
a: Lean Beef

q: What do you call a monkey in a suit?
a: Over-dressed!

q: What's a composer's favourite childhood game?
a: Haydn seek.

q: Why is chili so annoying?
a: Because it's always Jalopeo business.

q: Did you hear about the soldier who had the entire left side of his body blown off?
a: He's all right!

q: How do you make a nun pregnant?
a: You fuck her.

q: How do you get a blonde pregnant?
a: Cum in her shoes and let the flies do the rest. 

q: Did you hear the one about the blind prostitute?
a: Ya gotta hand it to her...

q: How do you know a chinese thief has broken into your house?
a: All of your rice is gone, your computer is fixed, and the mother fucker is  still trying to back out of the driveway.

q: What will a blind, deaf child with no arms get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What did the tomato say to the peach?
a: "Nice pits."

q: What do you call a cow without legs?
a: Ground beef.

q: English joke - What's another name for Santa's elves?
a: Subordinate Clauses

q: Did you hear about the bedbug?
a: He was undercover.

q: What do you get if you squeeze a synagogue?
a: Jews.

q: How did the hipster burn his fingertips?
a: He was changing the lightbulb before it was cool. [rimshot]

q: Did you hear about the bloke who poisoned his wife with a razor blade?
a: He gave her arse a nick. Probably doesn't translate well into American English but there you go. My dad told me this joke over twenty years ago. He said he'd heard Peter Sellers tell it on a street corner. Don't ask me why Peter Sellers was telling jokes on a street corner. Must have been bored or something.

q: Q: Why did Hitler cry when he got to heaven?
a: A: God gave him his gas bill.

q: What's big, green, fuzzy, has four legs, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree?
a: A pool table.

q: What do you call a black woman with 8 abortions?
a: A crime fighter.

q: Has the airplane joke been posted yet?
a: Eh never mind, it'll go over your head.

q: What do you call a black man who fly's a plane?
a: A pilot, you racist.

q: What do you call more than two English blokes masturbating?
a: A Union Jack.

q: Who's Irish and lives in your back yard?
a: Patio Furniture! I got this joke from a great collection of cheezy jokes 

q: Why did the tiger get lost in the jungle?
a: Because the jungle is massive!

q: What's the difference between batman and a blackman?
a: Batman can go to the store with out robin.

q: (OL) What's the difference between a bucket of poop and a lawyer?
a: A bucket.

q: What's hard and hairy and sticks out of your pajamas at night?
a: Your head.

q: What's the best thing about having sex with forty two year olds?
a: There's forty of them.

q: What did the little boy with no arms and legs get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What Is The Best Boxing A Mexican Does?
a: A: Oranges.

q: What do you call a group of Vigilante Aussie Nuns?
a: Birds of Pray

q: What were the Virgin Islands called, after Chuck Norris visited them?
a: The Islands

q: How many ears does Captain Kirk have?
a: Three... The one on the left The one on the right  And of course, the Final Front Ear

q: What is the difference between a computer and a woman?
a: A computer only has to have information punched into it once.

q: Q: How many Orthodox Rabbis does it take to change a light bulb?
a: A: Change?

q: What type of shoes does a ninja wear?
a: Sneakers.

q: What do a plum and an elephant have in common?
a: They're both purple except the elephant.

q: What do chemists say when they smell something that they don't like?
a: Pu

q: What is the common enemy of frostbite victims and dairy products?
a: Lack-toes Intolerance.

q: What did the river say when it saw the beavers?
a: I'll be dammed.

q: What's black, blue, and hates sex?
a: The five year old boy in my basement. 

q: What's long, dark, and stinks?
a: The unemployment line.

q: What's better than a tall woman wrapping her legs around you?
a: A short woman trying like hell.

q: What's Brown and Sticky?
a: A stick!

q: What's 18 inches long and makes women scream all night?
a: Crib death.

q: Whats the difference between Sarah Palins mouth and her vagina?
a: Only one retarded thing has come out of her vagina

q: What do you get if you cross a pitbull and a hooker?
a: Your last blowjob. 

q: Q: How many Vietnam Vets does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: A: YOU DON'T KNOW, MAN, YOU WEREN'T THERE!!! YOU DON'T KNOW!!!

q: What are the first 3 words in every authentic Mexican recipe?
a: Steal a chicken

q: What suicidal space creature did Kirk find on the Enterprise?
a: A Tribble with troubles.

q: What does Batman say when he goes down on a woman?
a: What does Batman say when he goes down on a woman? To the bat cave!

q: Did you know that the Queen of England is a casual gamer?
a: From what I hear, she mostly plays Nintendo games. So, would you call this proper use of the royal Wii?

q: What do a sprinkler and an unemployment line have in common?
a: Spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga-spic-spic-spic-CHINK-nigga-nigga-nigga (say out loud at your own risk)

q: Why did jay z cross the road?
a: Because mr mantis ate my skunk food.

q: Did you hear about the prostitute with an MBA?
a: She was a business anal-ist.

q: How do you get the walls of your house as bright as they can possibly be?
a: Use LED based paint.

q: Want to hear the worst self-referential joke in the world?
a: You just did!

q: What does a dog become after it 6 years old?
a: Seven years old.

q: Why was the car naked?
a: It was missing a tire. 

q: What do you call a bunch of blondes waiting in line for meat?
a: A barbie queue.

q: why didn't the young bald eagle need a chaperone?
a: he already had super-vision.

q: What do you call a girl that can suck a lemon through a garden hose?
a: Sweethaert. (an old one but still very very good)

q: Who would win in a fight...your mom or your dad?
a: From the looks of it, your dad won

q: How do you find a black person?
a: Guilty.

q: Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with five guys ?
a: All she came back with was a red snapper.

q: 3 doctors joke?
a: I forgot how it goes, can someone please tell me???  It was about 3 doctors, a German, Russia (?), and American. They were all bragging about who is more advance. I'm pretty sure it was a racist joke. (fairly certain it was)  Anyone heard it? It's killing me that I can't remember it D:

q: What do you call the person who sleeps on the wet spot?
a: Overcome

q: Where should you go if you lost a corner?
a: To the Eagles, they can get corner-backs.

q: What's better than double-fisting a newborn?
a: HADOUKEN!!!

q: Two tampons are walking down the street towards you, which one says hello?
a: Neither, they're both stuck up cunts!

q: Want to hear a joke about Sodium Hypobromite?
a: NaBrO

q: What do you call a chinese woman with a food processor on her head?
a: Brenda.

q: Why did the programmer get a job at the photographers?
a: They needed a developer.

q: What's a Pirates favorite letter?
a: You would think its R, but but it's really the C!

q: What's big and yellow and can't swim?
a: A bulldozer.

q: What eye cannot see, cannot blink and is bleeding?
a: The browneye. You'll have to guess why its bleeding.

q: What do you call a Vagina's Poem?
a: A Solliloqueef

q: What's the difference between Australia and yogurt?
a: At least if you leave yogurt alone for a while it develops a culture.

q: What's pasty, white, and bounces up and down in a crib?
a: My ass.

q: What appears when you ask a genie for a classical composer?
a: A wish Liszt.

q: why don't women wear watches?
a: there's a perfectly good one on the stove

q: What's big, gray, and doesn't matter?
a: An irrelephant.

q: What did the farmers daughter say when she lost her virginity?
a: Get off me dad your crushing my smokes!

q: What do a bucket and a woman have in common?
a: Before 1928, neither could vote.

q: Did you hear about the fire on the Indian reservation?
a: It was intense.

q: Did you hear about the girl who gave out handjobs to electricians, plumbers, mechanic, you name it?
a: She was a right Jack off all trades.

q: Q: What's the highest form of praise you can receive from a pimp?
a: A: A back-handed compliment.

q: what gets wet when it dries??
a: a towel

q: How many mothers-in-law does it take to change a light bulb?
a: One. She just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around her.

q: Why did the hipster's mouth hurt?
a: Because he ate pizza before it was cool.

q: Why did the kidnapped clock always read 12:00?
a: His hands were tied.

q: Did you hear that Elton John is singing at Amy Winehouse's funeral reception?
a: He will be singing "Candle Under the Spoon".

q: Why do some birds fly south for the winter?
a: Its to far to walk.

q: Do you think all Asians look alike?
a: Are you Chris Chen?  No, I'm Daniel Hsu.  Do you think all Asians look alike or something?  No, I mean, do you believe in Jesus?

q: Why can't animals take tests?
a: Too many cheetahs!!!!

q: What did one drug dealer tell another on the street corner after hearing of Amy Winehouse's death?
a: Damn, I'm gonna go bankrupt.

q: Person one: Do you know that joke about the no and the me neither?
a: Person 2: No? Person 1: Me Neither. Person 1: You didnt get it? Person 2: No Person 1: Me neither

q: Are you sure?
a: Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One turns to the other and says, "I think I've lost my electron." The other asks, "Are you sure?" "Yes," the first says, "I'm positive."

q: Do you want to see the birthmark on my arse?
a: It looks like a colon!

q: How could they tell Amy Winehouse was dead?
a: No, seriously. How could they tell?

q: What is the difference between San Francisco and Larkspur?
a: Larkspur has a ferry terminal, San Francisco has terminal fairies.

q: Did you hear the one about Facebook's wedding?
a: Facebook invited Google+ to his wedding.  Google+ asked 'do you mind if i bring a +1?'  Facebook said 'If you Like.'      Then Twitter flew by, said a bunch of shit nobody cared about, and shit all over my TV screen.

q: Whats green and has wheels?
a: Grass, I lied about the wheels.

q: There has been a bomb explode in Scandanavia?
a: There's Norway i would sink Oslo as to think of a joke for that.

q: Did you hear about the gay (native American) indian?
a: He was a brave fucker.

q: Why are hula dancers so pretentious?
a: Because their hips stir.

q: *For Harry Potter fans* What language do UPS men at Hogwarts speak?
a: Parcel-tongue

q: Did you hear Aerosmith's new song about chocolate milk?
a: It's called "Sweet Emulsion"

q: What do Jewish pitbulls say to each other when they get home?
a: Muzzles off!

q: What car does Woody drive?
a: AUDI ADUI ADUI!

q: Why are all female moths lesbians?
a: They aren't attracted to moth balls.

q: Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ?
a: Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.

q: What do you get if you cross a rooster with a disobedient dog?
a: A cock that doesn't come.

q: Hey, did you hear about that man who flew so close to the sun he touched it in exactly one spot?
a: After that, he was a real tan gent.

q: What's the worst possible thing to hear while you're blowing Willie Nelson?
a: "I'm not Willie Nelson."                                         David Sadaris

q: How many Murdochs does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: They were unaware the lightbulb was an issue & regret unknowingly paying to change it

q: What's worse than ten dead babies nailed to a tree?
a: One dead baby nailed to ten trees.

q: What do you call a black bastard who never grew up?
a: LeBron James

q: What's a holocaust denier's favorite month?
a: July

q: What did the blind and deaf girl get for Christmas?
a: Cancer.

q: What gets louder as its gets smaller?
a: A baby in a trash compactor.

q: What kind of breath freshener does George Clinton use?
a: Parlia-mints

q: How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed?
a: By the "M" on his pajamas.

q: Why did the spud lover set his alarm for 8:00?
a: Because he wanted to get a-po-ta-to clock.  to make joke more apparent

q: What does the pussy of an 80 year old woman taste like?
a: Depends....

q: What's the worst part about fucking your grandma?
a: Banging your head on the coffin lid. 

q: What do you call an upside down blonde?
a: A brunette with bad breath

q: What did the elephant say when he was pulled out of the quicksand by the balls?
a: Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Ball!

q: Whats the V in DVD stand for?
a: Cuz if it were lying down it wouldnt make any sense. (first post to reddit, made up this joke today .. be kind)

q: Do I know any jokes about Sodium?
a: Na

q: Why does the sad crab walk side ways?
a: Because he has nothing to look forward to 

q: Why do people consistently make bad chemistry jokes?
a: Because all the good ones Argon.

q: How do you make a duck sing?
a: Put it in the oven till it's Bill Withers.

q: How do you know shes the one?
a: Because she Gives you a blowjobs even when she's dead.

q: Where do bacteria go when they die?
a: St. Petri Dish.

q: What do you call social networking for magical creatures?
a: Faebook.

q: Why do Transformers always have their heads in the clouds?
a: They're robots in da skies.

q: What do you call a Sasquatch that is never on time?
a: Not Yeti

q: How do you know when someone smokes weed?
a: Dont worry, they'll tell you.

q: What did the Jewish Pedophile say to the boy?
a: Would you like to buy some candy?

q: What did the cab driver say when the black man got into his cab?
a: Where to sir?

q: What happens when your favorite team wins the World Cup?
a: You turn off your playstation.

q: Why shouldn't you wear a watch on your belt?
a: It'd be a waste of time.

q: Where will the Womens World Cup final be held?
a: Kitchen Stadium

q: Why does everybody like the mushroom?
a: Because he's a fun guy.

q: What did the Gay techie say?
a: I do queries. 

q: Why are linux geeks very introvertish ?
a: Because they never get out of their shell 

q: Why can't you play hide and go seek with a Pokmon?
a: Because he'll peek-at-chu!

q: 'Dad, how do you feel about abortions?' Why don't you ask your sister?
a: But I don't have a .........oooooh.

q: What's small, black and full of cobwebs?
a: An ethiopian's asshole.

q: Did you hear about the tap dancer?
a: He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.

q: Did you hear about the dancing girl?
a: She danced on one leg and then the other, but she made her living between the two of them.

q: What is that white thing in my pork&beans?
a: The Queen Bean.   *Blatantly stolen from Ren & Stimpy

q: Did you hear the one about the gay cleptomaniac magician?
a: He disappeared with a poof. 

q: What do a mole and an eagle have in common?
a: They both live underground. Except for the eagle.

q: Why did the bird go to the restaurant?
a: Tweet!

q: What do a pizza and this joke have in common?
a: They're both cheesy.

q: Does a one legged duck swim in circles?
a: What time does a duck wake up in the morning? -At the quack of dawn!!! A duck walks into a bar and orders a drink. then tells the bartender: -just put it on my bill!!!! What's a duck's favorite snack? -Cheese and quackers!!! What did the duck say after hearing one of my hilarious jokes? -HAHAHAHA you quack me up!!!! What do you call a crazy duck? -a quackpot!!! And one to go on... What does a duck by at the DVD store? -DVDs!!!!

q: What did the Grateful Dead fans say when they stopped smoking pot?
a: "Man this music sucks..."

q: what do you get when you cross copper and zinc?
a: brass.

q: What is the first sign of AIDS?
a: Sharp pounding sensation in your ass. 

q: What did the dentist witness after he gassed the rabbi?
a: The punchline is more of a visual joke, based upon where the reader places the "s."  To my knowledge, this is an original joke.

q: Why can't Ganondorf go on the internet?
a: There are too many Links.

q: Did you hear about Dr. Stephen Hawking?
a: News report I saw this morning describing horrible injuries to Dr. Stephen Hawking like a broken jaw, damaged collarbone, smashed kneecaps... Apparently his date last night stood him up.

q: What kind of cheese do you use to hide a small horse?
a: Mascarpone!

q: What did the wind turbine say to Justin Beiber?
a: Justin, I'm a big fan.  wheyyyyyyyyyyyy

q: Why did the letter arrive wet?
a: Because it had postage dew.

q: What kind of cheese do you use to entice a bear?
a: Camembert!

q: What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies?
a: Bingo.

q: Whats the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory?
a: Two test tickles.

q: Why did Tiger Woods stop winning golf tournaments?
a: Because he stopped cheating 

q: what do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft?
a: A-Flat-Minor

q: You know what really makes me smile?
a: Facial muscles.

q: What do you call a tree that does not believe Jesus was the messiah?
a: A Jew-niper

q: Why are dragons so tired?
a: Because they fight knights!

q: Have anyone heard that band The Prevention?
a: They are WAY better than The Cure.

q: What do a cue ball and a Mexican have in common?
a: The harder you hit 'em, the more english they pick up.

q: Do you know what the 14th and 15th letters of the alphabet spell?
a: No. You are exactly right.

q: Know what they call the useless skin around a vagina?
a: A woman.

q: What do mad cow disease and PMS have in common?
a: Angry heifers.

q: Do you remember that barbeque you had?
a: The one where I had my meat all up on your grill?!?!?!

q: How many members of a particular ethnic minority does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A: Enough to reinforce my negative stereotype about them.

q: What do you call a Mexican with a vasectomy?
a: A dry martinez.

q: What do gynecologists and pizza delivery guys have in common?
a: They have to smell it but they can't taste it!

q: What does a cat say when you tread on its tail?
a: ME-OW! I am very sorry. Just thought of it and felt like everyone should hear it. Maybe some jokes are better left untold...

q: How do you say 'The Torah' in German?
a: Kindling. 

q: What is Fonzi's favorite letter of the alphabet?
a: "F", for Fonzi. Duh.

q: Did you hear about the cannibal who came home late for dinner?
a: He got the cold shoulder

q: What do you call a gay anemic?
a: homo-goblin

q: What do the janitors clean the Reddit office with?
a: Derpentine.

q: Why did the plant cross the road?
a: Cus it was being stalked! 

q: How do Eskimo fleas stay warm?
a: A flea's blanket.

q: I came up with this joke myself. One person laughed. What do you think?
a: I work with a guy who moved to Vermont from Hawaii. He likes to start with people but also has people who like him. Those people always ask about him..."How is he?", "Does he still work here?" My joke is in response to those two questions. (His name) is the reason Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. Evidently they missed. Yeah, he likes to create things like world wars. I'm not racist, I just don't like him. 

q: Why should you avoid sexual encounters with The Fonz?
a: Because he has Ayyyds.

q: What did the Momma buffalo say to the baby buffalo on his first day of school?
a: Bye Son (Bison)

q: How are pirates like pimps?
a: They both have gold teeth and say "yo ho!"

q: Why didn't Lebron go to college?
a: he didn't want to show up for the finals

q: How can you instantly blind an Asian person?
a: put a steering wheel in front of them

q: What's the difference between a new anal plug and a used one?
a: The taste.

q: Have you heard of OS X Def Leppard?
a: It runs on ARM.

q: what did the sea say to the sand?
a: Nothing it just waved

q: You guys hear about the new Lebron James phone?
a: It only vibrates, it doesn't have a ring.

q: What has four legs, and if it fell out of a tree it'd kill you?
a: A pool table

q: If smart guys like dumb girls, and dumb guys like dumb girls, who likes smart girls?
a: Cats.

q: You know the 4 quarters Lebron joke, how about the Dirk one?
a: I asked Dirk for change for a dollar; he gave me 4 quarters and a dime.   He always gives any extra 10%.

q: How many Hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Some obscure number... you've probably never heard of it.....

q: What did Larry McMurtry say when his neighbor asked to borrow a bar of soap?
a: He said "Sure!  I could loan some Dove".

q: What do you call a nerd girl with big boobs?
a: ...iRacky.

q: So I'm fucking this guy in the ass, right?
a: ... and I'm fucking him, and I'm fucking him ... ... and I'm fucking him ... ... and then I reach around, and he's  . And I'm like  I like to tell that one whenever the conversation stops at a party.

q: How many Obama-voters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None.  Obama voters are obviously too lazy to work at anything, so they just HOPE for the lightbulb to CHANGE.

q: What do you call it when a ruminating philosopher decides to commit suicide via high explosives?
a: A pontificrater.

q: How is a vagina like a grapefruit?
a: The best ones squirt when you eat them!

q: What is the difference between a dollar and Lebron James?
a: Lebron James doesnt give you 4 quarters.

q: what do Little Miss Muffet and Saddam Hussein have in common?
a: Kurds in the way

q: How do you fix a broken tuba?
a: With a tuba glue!

q: What did the pineapple say to the coconut?
a: Pia Colada!

q: Why did the cowboy adopt the weiner dog?
a: He wanted to get a long little doggy!

q: Daddy, what does a vagina look like?
a: Son: Daddy, what does a vagina look like? Dad: Before or after sex son? Son: Before, I guess... Dad: It looks like a beautiful tulip. Son: Well what does it look like after sex? Dad: Ever seen a bulldog try to eat mayonnaise?

q: How many Environmentalists does it take to change a light bulb?
a: It doesn't matter, they will never change a thing.

q: How do sharks like their steak?
a: Whale-done :)

q: How many Psychoanalysts does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to change the light bulb and another to hold the penis...I mean ladder.

q: Did you hear about the Meat Packing CEO?
a: He built his empire from the ground up. Ground up meat. 

q: Properly offensive mum jokes?
a: My friend and I had a habit of mum jokes duelling and putting standard 'yo mumma' to shame. All to the spirit of pushing the boundary. One point I came up with this: 'Your mum so loose, when you were born, it felt so good that she used you as a dildo and pushed you right back in.' Anyone else has other gems of properly offensive mum jokes?

q: What did one potatoe say to another?
a: Dan Quayle wrote this joke.

q: Where do girls have the curliest hair?
a: Africa.

q: What do you call an elf made of lego?
a: Legolass

q: What's your best Pirate Joke?
a: What's a pirate's favorite letter? the C!

q: why do gorillas have big nostrils?
a: Big fingers!!!

q: Why should you always take two Mormon's fishing?
a: Cause if you take one, he'll drink all your beer

q: Did you know Hitler's father was a cobbler?
a: He made Jews.

q: Math/music joke: What do you get when you subtract original blues from modern blues?
a: Delta blues.

q: Why do they call it a cheese grater?
a: Because nothing is greater than chesse.

q: Which sport is more lame: frisbee, or curling?
a: Discus

q: what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit?
a: aaaarrrrrrrr/jokes

q: What does walking on a broken suspension bridge and getting head by a gay-guy have in common?
a: It goes well aslong as you don't look down.

q: How do you spot a terrorist?
a: They'll freak out when they hear a helicopter

q: How many chicken does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Still counting.  Those darned birds can't seem to cross the road to get over here to screw in the light bulb.

q: What kind of tree would have the best bark?
a: Dogwood. Don't you dare judge me, it was on my popsicle stick.  :P

q: What's easier to load into a garbage truck, babies or bowling balls?
a: Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.

q: What do you call someone who gets Praise and Merit on Reddit?
a: Creddit!!!!

q: What do a burnt pizza, frozen beer, and a pregnant girl have in common?
a: Someone didn't pull it out in time.

q: What do Ryan Giggs and Imogen Thomas have in common?
a: I'm not allowed to tell you

q: What do Peacocks mate with?
a: Peacunts

q: What did the boy with no legs and arms get for Christmas?
a: Cancer

q: Why doesn't anyone tell jokes about Jonestown?
a: The punchline is too long.

q: How do you get dragon pee?
a: Drop your catheter bag.

q: what do a nun and a public defender have in common?
a: neither one can get you off

q: What's Lil Wayne's Favorite French Movie?
a: AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE AMELIE 

q: Have you heard the myth about how the internet was created?
a: It's an Allegory.

q: Did you hear about the scarecrow who won an Oscar?
a: He was out standing in his field. 

q: Whats the difference between a blond and a mosquito?
a: If you slap a mosquito it will stop sucking! 

q: How are black people like Christmas lights?
a: Half of them don't work and the ones that do aren't that bright

q: Why can't Indians drive cars?
a: It's impossible to reach the pedals whilst sitting Indian style

q: What's the hardest thing about roller-blading?
a: Telling your parents you're gay.

q: You hear about these Islamic balloons?
a: ... they blow themselves up.

q: What do Buddhists eat to help keep themselves balanced both physically and spiritually?
a: Cottage chi

q: Why did the podiatrist want to change careers?
a: Because he always felt defeat.

q: What would the Pilsbury Doughboy be if photos of him were constantly being put on magazine covers?
a: A roll model.

q: Why did the farmer name his pig ink?
a: Because he kept running out of the pen...

q: Wanna hear a minimalist joke?
a: What's the difference between oranges?

q: What do monkeys sleep on?
a: Apricots. I used to love this joke when I was a little kid and told it over and over.  I'm still a little in love with it for that reason.  What are some of your favorite jokes from when you were a little kid?

q: Mother's have mother's day and father's have father's day. What do male redditors have?
a: -Palm sunday

q: Why aren't there any Walmarts in the middle east?
a: Because there's Targets around every corner.

q: Why is flour retarded?
a: Because it's in-bread. 

q: Remember the undies with the days of the week on them, Monday, Tuesday....?
a: In Romania we had something similar, our girls on their undies had January, February....

q: Why is everyone always late to Auto-Erotic Asphyxiation Anonymous meetings?
a: Because they're all tied up, but coming soon.

q: What sucks about being black and jewish?
a: You gotta stand at the back of the oven! Edit: I was at an [7] when typing this and fucked it up. It is better now. oven was bus. Changed bus to oven. 

q: Why do black people think about sex so much?
a: Because there's pubes on their heads.

q: What do you call Christopher Reeve before the accident?
a: Christopher Walken.

q: What's your favourite out of date joke?
a: I always enjoy jokes that have gone out of date, either because their subject has passed out of the public consciousness or because they reference things that are no longer accurate.   I'll get you started: What's got three legs and lives on a farm? The Mccartneys

q: What is gray and comes in pints?
a: An elephant! edit: maybe I should say what is gray and cums in pints?

q: How many muscles does a chicken have in its neck?
a: Just enough to hold it's pecker up...

q: What's the difference between Obama and Osama?
a: O(b-s)ma

q: Why is the space between a women's tits and hips called a waist?
a: They could easily fit another set of tits in there.

q: What did David Crockett say when he looked over the Alamo wall and saw 3000 Mexicans?
a: Hey I didn't know we were pouring concrete today.

q: What do Reddit and Pedophiles have in common?
a: they are both fucking immature assholes...

q: How do we know God's not a woman?
a: We're not sandwiches.

q: what are some of your favorite play-on-name jokes?
a: i don't really have any favorites, just looking to hear some... like what do you call a guy with a shovel?  doug.

q: Good Anatomy or Digestive System Joke?
a: I need a good joke for my T shirt design for my Anatomy class. Anyone have any good jokes. thanks (school apprpriate please)

q: My First reddit Joke: Why did the walrus go to the Tupperware store?
a: Because he was looking for a tight seal!

q: What's your crappiest Pick-up attemp?
a: Me: "Hey, how much does a polar bear weights?" Her: o.O "Wut...idk" Me: "Enough to break the ice, I'm NuComer, how you doing?"

q: You know why I hate Cancer?
a: I have crabs.

q: What's big, black and steals you credit card?
a: Sony Playstation 3

q: What did you hear about the man who fell into the upholstery machine...?
a: I heard that he was fully re-covered.

q: Q: What's the best pickup line to use in a gay bar?
a: A: May I push in your stool?

q: Hey Reddit, what are your favorite lame jokes?
a: "Wanna hear a pizza joke?" "Nevermind, it's too cheesy."

q: You hear about the guy who had his whole left side amputated?
a: I hear he's all right now.

q: What do Atilla the Hun and John the Baptist have in common?
a: Their middle name.

q: Why did the LAPD leave the Dodger game early?
a: They wanted to beat the crowd.

q: Do you know the difference between camping and molestation?
a: No? In that case, do you want to go camping this weekend?

q: Have you heard about the new corduroy pillowcases?
a: They're really making headlines.

q: Why does Bob Marley like jpegs, gifs and pngs but hate svg?
a: Because they're raster graphic images.

q: What is the best thing about kids?
a: Making them!

q: why does dr. pepper come in a bottle?
a: his wife died.

q: Did you hear about the constipated mathmatician?
a: He worked it out with a pencil. 

q: What's the best thing about an extremely drunk, angry girlfriend?
a: They don't remember when you smack the ever living shit out of them.

q: Whats long black and stinky?
a: the unemployment line.

q: What did the boy vampire say to the girl vampire?
a: See you next period.

q: What'd the fish say when he ran into a wall?
a: Dam!

q: What do you do if a purple elephant and a multicolored horse are following you?
a: get off the merry-go-round! :)

q: What do you call mexicans who are stoned?
a: Baked beans.

q: Anyone have a good birthday joke?
a: My sister's birthday is today, and I'm looking for a good one to call her with.

q: MY boss has been telling this one all week. Which bird symbolizes great wisdom?
a: Which bird symbolizes great wisdom? The owl, of course. Which bird symbolizes bravery and freedom? Most of us know it's the eagle. What type of bird symbolizes love? That would be a dove. Now, what kind bird symbolizes absolute, true love? The Swallow!

q: Why do Kenyans always win marathons?
a: At the end, they get a bag of chips and a Coke. -My dad told me this joke when we went to a race-

q: What do you call the men I kidnap and jerk off against their will?
a: Stroke Victims.

q: What did the hippie say when his girlfriend told him to move out?
a: Nah, I'm a stay. (namaste)

q: What do you call an underdeveloped chicken fetus in a frat house?
a: ...an embroyo! heyooooooooo

q: Why was the Windows PC broke?
a: It ran out of cache.

q: Speaking of corny jokes: how do you win a race against vegetables?
a: You have to get ahead of lettuce! Ahahahahaha!

q: How do you get a Nun pregnant?
a: Dress her up as an Altar Boy

q: Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella?
a: For Drizzle.

q: what do you call a guy in love with a foreign girl?
a: cuntaminated 

q: You know what'd be an AMAZING prank for April Fool's Day, Reddit?
a: If you could stay up for 24 hours straight :3

q: Whats a baby's favourite temperature?
a: Womb tempertaure

q: What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of planes?
a: Meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

q: What are the 2 biggest lies men tell?
a: 1) The check's in the mail 2) I won't cum in your mouth

q: What is big, yellow and eats rocks?
a: A BIG YELLOW ROCK-EATER!!

q: What did they call Hitler's limo driver?
a: the Chau-fuhrer

q: My Favorite Lightbulb Joke is: How many Iranians does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: 51, one to change the bulb and 50 more to stand in a circle chanting "Death To (insert name of your local electricity provider)". When I lived in Nashville it was NES, in Louisville it was LG&E, now it is Austin Energy. But you get the idea, if not the joke. 

q: How many vowels are in the word 'vowel'?
a: Four.  O, double-u and e. 

q: What do a washing machine and a one night stand have in common?
a: a washing machine doesn't follow you around for a week after you put a load in it..

q: Reddit, may a I please have a Elizabeth Taylor / Michael Jackson joke?
a: I don't know how, but it must happen!  Edit: I actually want a joke that includes Liz   the Pop King. My use of ' / ' may have been misleading. Thank you. 

q: What's the longest sentence in the English language?
a: I do.

q: What's the best part about having sex with 22 year olds?
a: They're of the proper minimum age of sexual consent in 100% of the world and you are both mature adults enjoying a socially accepted bond together. Now quit telling this fucking joke.

q: What's red and white?
a: Pink.

q: What do hockey goaltenders and Alaskan prostitutes have in common?
a: They only change their pads after the third period.

q: How many Apple Geniuses does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: None, we just swap out your whole house

q: what did cinderella say when she got to the ball?
a: "ggggkkk" huh...kinda hard to tell this joke in text.

q: What do you have when you just used the toilet and realized there's no toilet paper?
a: A real mess on your hands.

q: What do you call a delicacy made by stripping the skin off of a Native American and cooking it?
a: A Sioux Flay

q: What's the difference between a tsunami and a bear?
a: A tsunami doesn't care that you are faster than your buddy.

q: Aren't boner jokes funny?
a: Like Napoleon Bonerparte and Eat. Pray. Boner.... Even Barack Oboner and Alec Baldboner and Teenage Mutant Ninja Boners and iBoner and Its a Wonderful Boner and Casaboner South Boner The Boner Runs Wild A Thousand Tiny Boners Wet Hot American Boner...  check 

q: What did Kermit the Frog say after Jim Henson died?
a: Nothing.

q: Why should you not visit the Ukraine with your fly unzipped?
a: Because if you don't, Chernobyl fall out!

q: What do you call Wolverine post-op?
a: An x-man.

q: How do you know when it's midnight at Neverland Ranch?
a: The big hand touches the little hand.

q: Who was the largest knight at the Round Table?
a: Sir Cumference. Why was he so fat?  He ate too much pie. 

q: What do troll mathematicians like to solve?
a: Parabolems?

q: What did the penguin say to the polar bear?
a: Nothing, penguins live in the south pole and polar bears live in the north pole. TROLOLOLOL

q: Why did the worm want to learn kung-fu?
a: so he could flip the bird

q: Why do Japanese people love mechs so much?
a: Because of all the metal in their brains.

q: Are these my brains?
a: A three-year-old boy was examining his testicles while taking a bath. 'Mom', he asked, 'Are these my brains?' 'Not yet!' she replied!

q: Why don't shrimp give anything to charity?
a: Because they're shellfish.

q: What did King Arthur have for breakfast?
a: Eggcalibur. 

q: (First Post) I have an 8-year-old stepson. Can we get a child appropriate, CLEAN joke thread?
a: We've had Bad Joke threads, Offensive Joke threads, Blonde Joke threads, etc.   What's a good joke I can tell an 8-year-old boy that he can tell at school, and not get sent to the office?   And please, can we leave off the "Nacho Cheese", and the "Bear wiped his bum with the rabbit" ones?

q: How do you turn a dishwasher into a snowblower?
a: Give her a shovel.

q: What does a trumpet player use as contraception?
a: His personality.

q: How much coke did Charlie Sheen snort?
a: Enough to kill two and a half men.

q: So I met a terrorist the other day and asked him about his ethnicity. You wanna know what he said?
a: I don't know, by then I ran.

q: How can you tell that the stage is level?
a: The drummer is drooling out of   sides of his mouth.

q: How much coke DID Charlie Sheen do?
a: Enough to kill two and a half men.

q: How do you make a guitar player's car more aerodynamic?
a: Take off the pizza delivery sign. 

q: What's the difference between a blowjob and a ham sandwich?
a: wanna go to lunch?

q: Why are turds tapered on the ends?
a: so your asshole doesn't slam shut

q: How do you get a pool player off your porch?
a: Pay him for the pizza.

q: What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend?
a: Homeless.

q: Q: What do you call a drummer in a three piece suit?
a: A: The defendant.

q: Why is it unjust to blame taxi drivers for cheating us?
a: We call them to take us in. (From The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Handbook of Conundrums, by Edith B. Ordway. So this is a century old joke.)

q: Where do kids with ADHD go for the summer?
a: Concentration camp.

q: How do you confuse a Daily Mail reader..?
a: Tell him that Asylum Seekers are the natural predators of Paedophiles.

q: What did one pedophile say to the other?
a: I'll give you two fives for a ten.

q: You know what they say about a guy with big feet?
a: Big shoes.

q: What's the difference between a baby and a tree?
a: Trees don't bleed when you cut their limbs off. 

q: Want to hear a funny joke?
a: Civil Rights. For Anyone.

q: What kind of monkey can fly?
a: A hot air baboon!

q: What's the difference between a woman and bacon....?
a: You can't beat bacon....!

q: What's the difference between a carpenter and a construction worker?
a: 30 IQ points.  This, as any carpenter will tell you, isn't a joke.  

q: Why shouldn't you have sex with Linux users?
a: Open sores.

q: What's white and ten inches long?
a: Nothing.

q: What's green and falls up?
a:  posted this 6 months ago, but I just watched that episode of Party Down where Ron says it. I googled the joke but   was the first on the list and no one had a decent answer. Come on, punchlines!!!

q: What do you call a blonde geek with cancer?
a: A dumb terminal

q: How do you get someone to pay child support?
a: Blackmail. 

q: why shouldn't you fart in church?
a: you'd have to sit in your own pew.

q: What's the difference between a fridge and a vagina?
a: A fridge doesn't fart when you take out the meat.

q: What's blue and yellow and sits at the bottom of the pool?
a: A baby with slashed floaties.  What's red and yellow and floats on top of the pool? Floaties with a slashed baby.

q: How do you stop a dog who's humping your leg?
a: Pick him up and suck his dick. 

q: What do you call a female to male sex change?
a: an addadicktomy.

q: Why did they start using liquid soaps in prisons?
a: (if you thought because you can't drop it, guess again) Because it takes longer to pick up. 

q: What did the captain say to the men before they got on the boat?
a: "Men, get on the boat."

q: What's the difference between a Rottweiler and a Poodle?
a: If a Rottweiler starts humping your leg you let it finish.

q: What's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub?
a: a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.

q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and an all-girl track team?
a: Pygmies are cunning runts.

q: What do you have when you have two small, green balls in your hand?
a: Kermit's undivided

q: How many PETA members does it take to change light bulb?
a: none, PETA can't change anything.

q: Whos the coolest guy in hospital?
a: The ultra-sound guy.  Who takes over when hes on holiday?  The hip-replacement guy

q: What's better than a dozen roses on a piano?
a: Tulips on an organ.

q: Whats the difference between a rooster and a whore?
a: A rooster says cock-a-doodle-do and a whore says any-cock'll-do

q: What do you do to a chemist after they're dead?
a: you barium

q: What's blue and doesn't fit any more?
a: A dead epileptic.  

q: What do JFK and Obama have in common?
a: Well, nothing yet.

q: What do you call a bovine that won't leave Egypt?
a: MOO-barak!

q: What does a tornado and a red-neck divorce have in common?
a: Either way someone's going to lose a trailer.

q: What are Mario's overalls made of?
a: denim denim denim (pronounced with the Mario underground theme)

q: What time do you go to the dentist?
a: Tooth-hurty.

q: Why did the French chef kill himself?
a: He lost the huile d'olive.

q: Why is being a politician more difficult than being a ventriloquist?
a: Ventriloquists have to be able to speak with their mouths closed.  Politicians speak out of both sides of their mouths simultaneously.

q: What do you call a slippery book?
a: Non-Friction

q: What do you call a dog with no limbs?
a: Doesn't really matter it won't come anyway

q: What happens if the protesters in Egypt win?
a: They advance to the finals against Tunisia.

q: What did Oprah say when she visited Harlem?
a: "YOU get a father, and YOU get a father, and YOU get a father!  Everybody gets a father!!!

q: Ask me what the secret to comedy is?
a: You: What is the secret... Timing

q: AskJokes: Do you have any classy "yo mamma" jokes?
a: Would be nice if you guys could help out: Here's something to warm you up: Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.

q: Do you know what the difference is between a Scotsman and a Rolling Stones song?
a: The Rolling Stones song says "Hey you, get off of my cloud".  A Scotsman says "Hey McCloud, get off of my Ewe".

q: What's the worst part about getting AIDS?
a: Having to tell your friend his kids should get tested.

q: How is being married like puttin' on a tin roof?
a: If you don't nail her good she'll be at the neighbors.

q: Formulae for finding the stopping time of a musical object?
a: E=MCHammer... you know what just down vote I don't care any more.   I'm fed up being gay!

q: Can you make me some good real estate jokes?
a: I have some clients in real estate that I'll be seeing soon.  Can you give me a list of jokes I could use on them?  Something like, "What did one home for sale say to the other?"

q: What do you get with a woman majoring in woman's studies?
a: I don't know but she'll never make as much as a man AND SHE KNOWS IT!

q: Did you hear that Zsa Zsa Gabor was suing the doctor who amputated her leg?
a: ...The Judge threw out the case because she didn't have a leg to stand on.

q: What's the best part about taking a shower with an 11 year old girl?
a: If you slick her hair back, she looks like an 8 year old boy.

q: Email to my boss: What is the difference between your daughter and this morning?
a: I'm not cumming in this morning!

q: Whats the difference between Peanut butter and Jam?
a: You can't Peanut Butter a dick up your ass. 

q: Number jokes, anyone?
a: 4 out of 3 people have trouble with fractions. There are 3 kinds of people. Those who can count and those who can't. There are 10 types of people who understand binary. Those who do and those who don't. There are (undefined) number of people who understand dividing by zero. More?

q: What do you call a male camel toe?
a: A moose knuckle

q: How do you make a cat go "meow"?
a: Take it out of the freezer and run it through a bandsaw.

q: How many Hispanics does it take to change a light bulb..?
a: Just Juan. 

q: What is the TSA's favorite movie?
a: Inspection.

q: Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween confused?
a: Because:      25 DEC == 31 OCT Merry Christmas Fellow Nerds! :)

q: What does oral sex in a nursing home taste like?
a: (shrugs shoulders) Depends.

q: What's long and hard and fucks old people?
a: Osteoporosis

q: Why was the dolphin so upset with the attendance of his drunken kegger?
a: It lacked porpoise.

q: why google is a she?
a: she have an answer for everything

q: Why is sex like Tetris?
a: It's all about fitting the long piece in just right...

q: What is smaller than a teeny weenie fly?
a: A fly's teeny weenie.

q: You know how I know it's lunch time?
a: Reddit is slow as fuck

q: What do you call a computer that farts?
a: A compooter. 8D

q: Why did the cellphone go to court?
a: Because it was charged with battery. Thank you, I'll be here all night... Finals week needs to end.

q: Where do epileptics love to eat?
a: Little Seizures

q: Are you at stupid situation? Press Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!?
a: But our friends -  creative designers and developers - know what to do! You just need to press RED button and voice form Abyss of Internet will ask the most popular question in such situationsAnd you will feel betterfor sure check for: whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy com

q: Where are smells made?
a: In the olfactory.

q: Why are giraffes so tall?
a: Because cheetahs are faster.

q: what did the gay sperm say to his compatriot?
a: "HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND OUR WAY THROUGH THIS SHIT?"

q: Why did the broom take a nap?
a: It was sweepy. _

q: Why can't a bicycle stand on it's own?
a: Because it is two tired.

q: Did you hear about the guy who went to the convention of legless women?
a: He heard the place was crawling with pussy.

q: What's the opposite of Stephen Hawking?
a: Stephen Talking.

q: What's 9 and a half inches long and satisfies all c*nts?
a: An iPad.

q: How many skaters does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: One, but it will take 13 attempts.

q: What did justin beiber say to his mom?
a: I FOUND MY MICROSCOPE, now all I need is my lotion and tweezers

q: How many punks does it take to change a light bulb?
a: None.  Punks never changed anything.

q: How many Norwegians does it take to change a light bulb?
a: They don't bother, you can find lutfisk in the dark.

q: What do you call the first Irish woman ever created?
a: A McRib

q: Why do turkeys always gobble?
a: Why do turkeys always gobble? They havent been taught good table manners!

q: Why doesn't San Antonio have a pro football team?
a: Because then Dallas would want one too.

q: Why does Saturn have rings?
a: God really liked it so he put rings on it.

q: Why do hippies wear patchouli?
a: So blind people can hate them, too.

q: What was the best time in history for the Italians?
a: The Marin-era

q: What snooker and women have in common?
a: When pink is blocked by red, you hit the brown.

q: Why does SnoopDogg carry an umbrella?
a: Fo' Drizzle!

q: How many Irish folk singers does it take to change a light bulb?
a: Two. One to change the bulb and one to sing about how grand the old bulb was.

q: Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident?
a: He's alright, though. 

q: Did you hear about the man who had sex with a parrot?
a: He got chirpes, and the bad news is...it's untweetable.

q: What is an Arkansas virgin?
a: A girl who can run faster than her brothers.

q: Why does Snoop Dawg need an umbrella??
a: Fo Drizzle.

q: How do you clear out a veterans bingo hall?
a: B 52.

q: My 5 year old told me this joke: What do you call a puppy in the desert?
a: Anyone else got some fun jokes your kids have told you?

q: What do Americans do immediately after winning the World Cup (Soccer)?
a: Turn off the Playstation.

q: Where do you find a turtle with no legs?
a: right where you left it.

q: What do the Texas Rangers & Brett Favre's wife have in common?
a: Neither of them are gonna choke.

q: Wanna hear a rape joke?
a: No? That's what she said.

q: What happens when you fingerbang a gypsy on her period?
a: You get your palm red.

q: Why do aspirins work?
a: Because they're white.

q: Why didn't the gunpowder plot work?
a: Because gunpowder is black.

q: Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa?
a: Teacher's aides

q: Why did the pregnant Chinese chicken cross the road?
a: Because ah, the egg roll.

q: Do you know the difference between a mailbox and an elephant's asshole?
a: No? Remind me not to give you a letter to mail.

q: Why do rednecks like Halloween?
a: Because they can Pump-Kin

q: Know who loves to get fisted?
a: Sock puppets.

q: Why did the serial killer become a chef?
a: Because you can't make an omelette without killing a few chicks.

q: In a Catholic boarding school, how do you know when to go to bed?
a: The big hand touches the little hand.

q: What's big, grey and makes you jump?
a: The elephant of surprise. :)

q: What's the difference between you and a naked ringneck?
a: One's a plucked pheasant, and I don't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.

q: Q: How can you tell when your girlfriend is getting too fat?
a: A: She fits into your wife's clothes.

q: What is Irish and sits on your deck?
a: Patty O'Furniture !

q: Did you hear about the logical skunk?
a: It made sense.

q: Did you hear about the Florida pastor's Quran burning?
a: His actions are incendiary.

q: Why did Gateway computers go out of business?
a: Because they led to stronger and addictive computers.

q: Why does Helen Keller masturbate with only 1 hand?
a: because she is moaning with the other.

q: What's easier to load into a garbage truck? Bowling balls or babies?
a: Babies, because you can use a pitchfork.

q: What do you call a fat kid with red hair and a eye patch?
a: Names

q: What's the temperature in Motown right now?
a: Three degrees, four tops

q: If the answer is 'cockrobin', what's the question?
a: 'What's up my ass, Batman?'

q: What's the difference between a musician and a large cheese pizza?
a: A large cheese pizza can feed a family of four.

q: What do you call a guy who likes to hang out with musicians?
a: A drummer.

q: What do a pizza delivery man and a gynecologist have in common?
a: They both get to smell it, but they can't eat it.

q: Why was Tigger's head in the toilet?
a: He was looking for Pooh.

q: Why can't bikes stand up without leaning on something?
a: They're two-tired.

q: You hear about the gay guy who has a job in construction?
a: He works in a manhole. 

q: You hear about the blind guy on Wheel of Fortune?
a: He asked if he could buy an I.

q: Why does Al Gore hate Oil Spills?
a: they get all over the sheets.

q: If the opposite of pro is con, what's the opposite of progress?
a: The Republican party.

q: What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning?
a: I've created a muenster. I know, I know, it was cheesy joke.

q: How many pregnant women does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: Just one.  She holds it while the world revolves around her.

q: How Many Hipsters Does it Take to Screw in a Lightbulb?
a: A: You probably wouldn't know, it's some really obscure number...

q: Who is the biggest prostitute alive?
a: Mrs. Pacman. For 25 cents she'll swallow balls until she dies.

q: Why do lesbians shop at the Sports Authority?
a: Because they don't like Dicks.

q: Q: How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
a: A: Fish.

q: you hear they're making a movie about constipation?
a: It doesn't come out for awhile... What are some other good jokes that start off as stories? Ex: You hear about that actress that stabbed that guy recently. Reese something, ummmm. your friend: Witherspoon? you: No, with her knife ZINNNNG!

q: Why did Mary Poppins break both her legs?
a: because she had Supercalifrajilistic Osteoporosis

q: Did you hear they just passed a law making round hay bales illegal?
a: They says that they don't give cows a square meal.

q: What is the difference between love and lust?
a: Spiiting and swallowing.

q: Quand a eu lieu le dernier gagnant d'un jeu d'instant gagnant ?
a: foot gagnant, gagner argent, gagner cadeaux, instant gagnant, gagner cadeaux foot, football, instant foot, jeu gratuit, nouveau design, instants gagnants, cash, audiotel, gagner euros, appel gagnant, gagner du cash

q: What do a short-sighted gynaecologist and a puppy have in common?
a: A wet nose.

q: Here's a joke just for reddit: How many narwhals does it take to screw in a light bulb?
a: Bacon

q: How many musos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
a: It's a pretty obscure number. You probably haven't heard of it.

q: What do you get when you combine a Comedian and a Whorehouse?
a: a BROFL

q: What is hard and six inches long?
a: my pen is

q: How do you get two rednecks to play Banjo in unison?
a: Shoot the first one.

q: 2 Scottish cows in a field: which one is on holiday?
a: The one with the wee calf.

q: What is 4,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean?
a: A good start.

q: New Daily Joke WTF??
a: I recently found this sub reddit and thought it would be a great place to come and find some funny jokes( yep no joke). I noticed however that most of the front page is this newdailyjoke.com website and 9/10 of them are god awful. Does anyone else feel this way or is it just me? How have so many of these made the front page? 

q: What's Forrest Gump's favorite diner?
a: Dennays

q: What is the difference between your Mum and a sack of green apples?
a: Your Mums a slut!

q: What do you call a bug on the moon?
a: A lunatic! (luna-tick)

q: Q: Why did the pacifist /b/tard try to calm everyone down?
a:  He did it for the 

q: Q: Why can't Obama poke fun at himself?
a: A: Because that would be racist. 

q: Why is gambling not allowed in Africa?
a: Because there are too many cheetahs.

q: What do you call three witches in a hot tub?
a: A self-cleaning coven.

q: What do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period?
a: An egg timer



